Once upon a time there was a girl in a very beautiful kingdom.

Her name was Butterfly, and very much like the insect, she spent her time fluttering around, mimicking the movements of a butterfly.

She wore a bright, colorful woven cloth that she wrapped around her arms and spread across her back, very much like wings.

Thus, Butterfly was given her animal at birth, by the kingdom elders and approved by her parents.

He mimicked the lions so well; he hunted daily and ate the raw meat of animals.

Butterfly knew he would be granted into the lovely land of Nature.

On this especially sunny day, Butterfly decided to practice her dances, so that she can pass her Animal Likeness Test for her birthday.

This will ensure that she will become an adult and be able to marry, maybe someday have children of her own.

She adores children and she hoped that the elders will allow her help out at the childrens school or care-home, when she becomes of-age to work at twenty-one.

As she gracefully moved across the landscape, jumping off rocks and flapping her arms, she noticed that she wasnt alone in this practice realm.

Butterfly stopped her dances and walked toward the dark-clad figure sitting on a rock, facing the opposite direction.

As she got nearer, the temperature seemed to go from the lightly warm breezes of spring to the arid and hot feeling of summer.

Each realm is personalized for each animal, but Butterfly soon realized she wasnt in her realm any more.

As she turned back towards the figure sitting on the rock, he had already sensed her presence and stared curiously in her direction.

As she turned back towards the figure sitting on the rock, he had already sensed her presence and stared curiously in her direction.

A little nervous and bashful, Butterfly walked slowly towards the man, who seemed to be in his late twenties.

His look of confusion and a hint of curiously seemed to calm her nerves; she knew exactly what to say.

Nearing the rock, finally, Butterfly kneeled down in front of him and said, Im sorry, but it seems that our realms have mixed together somehow.

The man smiled and nodded, understanding, So thats how you got here, he replied, This is going to sound rather silly, but Ive been waiting for you.

The elders tell all of us men that one day, when we reach a certain place in our practices; a girl will find us in our realm.

She will either become our bride, or if not, we will both live in chastity and singularity forever. Butterfly was rather confused, but elated to hear that she has finally met her future husband, if he so chose to marry her.

She will either become our bride, or if not, we will both live in chastity and singularity forever. Butterfly was rather confused, but elated to hear that she has finally met her future husband, if he so chose to marry her.

Her curiosity piqued, she decided to ask: So, what is your name and animal?

I am a butterfly. She stood cautiously, as not to trip over the rocks, and decided to bow and flap her usual greeting of introduction.

I am Scorpion. Emulating pinchers with one hand, Scorpion raised his other high into the air, and threw his other hand into a downward angle, emulating the stinger. Now that we have been formally introduced, I think we need to go tell everyone the good news. Butterfly nodded and giggled with excitement, I think youre right.

Closing her eyes, she totally embraced the movement.

Shes felt this familiar transporting method ever since she was old enough to practice her animal, at the age of five.

Once the wind stopped, Butterfly opened her eyes.

As Butterfly opened her eyes, she felt her hand loosen its grip with Scorpions tightly clenched fist.

She thought to herself, I guess some people never get used to the transport from the realms. Giggling slightly, but not wanting to give away her reason, Butterfly turned her face away from Scorpions, waiting on him to recover from the whooshing sound still ringing in their ears.

She thought to herself, I guess some people never get used to the transport from the realms. Giggling slightly, but not wanting to give away her reason, Butterfly turned her face away from Scorpions, waiting on him to recover from the whooshing sound still ringing in their ears.

Butterfly always thought that right here, outside the gates, is the closest to Nature that she will ever get.

Little did she know, her curiosity would be sated and she will know the truth of the afterlife.

Scorpion placed a hand on her shoulder, beckoning her to walk towards the front gate, into the kingdom and safe from any wild beasts or other dangers.

Butterfly was rather shy and hid her face behind Scorpions shoulders the best she could.

Scorpion, on the other hand, embraced the crowd, in a very easy-going manner, waving and smiling at the ones he knew among the crowd.

The gate crank was high above the air and every boy who comes of working age whose animal is a bird or flying animal, becomes the gate guard when the old one retires.

The queen stood up and snapped her fingers, royally.

The couple bowed in front of the thrones and stayed until the king rose and snapped his fingers in greeting.

The king bent over, cupping his hands and scooping something seemingly invisible off the ground.

Turning in a circle ceremonially, he threw his closed hand at Scorpion, causing a small, human-size tornado to collide with Scorpion, causing him to disappear with a flash of light and air.

Butterfly couldnt move, which really scared her.

The queen took her turn to cup her hands and seemingly grab the air, spinning like the king, and throwing a tornado at Butterfly as well.

Butterfly flinched when the tornado made its way toward her, but as it touched her, she felt the same familiar feeling of leaving a realm, and was comforted.

When she opened her eyes, she saw that she was in her realm, but she also saw that Scorpion was in his realm as well, in the distance.

When she opened her eyes, she saw that she was in her realm, but she also saw that Scorpion was in his realm as well, in the distance.

She walked towards the bridge, wondering if she would see Scorpion and whether or not there will be a real wedding.

As she crossed the bridge, she felt a small force field in front of her, holding her back.

Sulking, she turned around and started walking back toward her realm, until she felt a hand on her shoulder.

Scorpion pulled Butterfly into his embrace and his lips met hers, barely touching, tenderly.

She will always remember for the rest of her life, the feeling of this first kiss.

Feeling the wind whip around her, the usual sign of leaving the realm, Butterfly was even more confused than before.

Scorpion smiled and never took his eyes off Butterfly, his new bride.

Butterfly blushed from the attention and under the stare of her new husband.

Scorpion and Butterfly have lived a very happy life since then, having two children, a boy and a girl.

Butterfly got her wish; she worked in the care-home for babies.

Scorpion, on the other hand, worked as a scribe in the library, since he has a love for writing and spreading knowledge.

Los puntos de vista son subjetivos: un error o una bendicin.

Ms de una vez tuvieron infecciones, pensaban que eran las consecuencias del amor, as como embarazarse.

Los juegos a menudo son divertidos, pero los juegos inteligentes nos ensean y de alguna manera nos hacen progresar, que si slo nos divertimos y al final acabamos en un mundo donde hay todo menos diversin.

Las caricias son una muestra de cario, pero tambin fueron una artimaa para seducirla.

Pero son cosas que podemos hacer nosotras mismas, o incluso, se pueden encontrar por separado, y son servicios por los que se paga, no precisamente por los que uno se debiera casar.

Y por ltimo, qu queremos y cmo vamos a lograrlo? Redefinirse es replantearnos no slo lo que queremos, sino lo que hemos vivido y lo que sentimos, qu es lo que tenemos, lo que sabemos y cules son nuestros planes, renovarse o actualizarse.

Aprendemos de las personas que respetamos, debido a que las caractersticas de otras personas son susceptibles de imitacin, de ah que se eduque con el ejemplo, y algo necesariamente deseable de adquirir es el respeto. No decaer, no hace referencia a aislarse del mundo de los hombres o de todo el mundo buscando lo que imaginamos. El punto no es que seamos su objeto, o ellos nuestro objeto, sino una relacin donde el respeto, la seriedad sobre nuestras relaciones y sentimientos al ponernos de acuerdo sobre lo que buscamos, que respeten nuestro espacio, y tengamos derecho a estar orgullosas de lo que podemos alcanzar en esta vida, tener la libertad para renovarnos, poder explorar el mundo y el intelecto, etc. No es cuestin ni de ser hembras ni de ser machos, sino de ser seres ms humanos. Al principio tendemos a estar motivados pero necesitamos permanecer en ese estado de motivacin, lo cual no siempre es posible, pero s se puede volver a retomar; hay que motivarnos todos los das.

Ha escrito los siguientes libros: El misterio de los hechizos Historias antirromnticas Cmo no tener novio Acordndome de m Rutina adolescente: No necesito enemigos Ms informacin en: qdmujer.blogspot.com

Suzie, youll be glad you came along when we get to Star Base - and you have your pick of all those horny, love-starved men, said Charlie.  Lots of women for us, too, he whispered in Cassies ear, winking and smiling at her.

Suzie, youll be glad you came along when we get to Star Base - and you have your pick of all those horny, love-starved men, said Charlie.  Lots of women for us, too, he whispered in Cassies ear, winking and smiling at her.

Who brought this extra carry-on bag? he asked, picking it up and opening the cargo door of the space freighter.

Charlie, no! screamed Vanita, as Charlie tossed out her extra bag.  You motherfucker!

Im not leaving Earth without that bag! she yelled, heading to retrieve it.

Charlie put a hand over Vanitas mouth and pulled her away from the open doorway.  Shut up! he said firmly, but quietly.  Someone will hear you.

Charlie put a hand over Vanitas mouth and pulled her away from the open doorway.  Shut up! he said firmly, but quietly.  Someone will hear you.

Let go, damn you! continued Vanita, in muffled screams, trying unsuccessfully to get away from him.  You son of a bitch!

Let go, damn you! continued Vanita, in muffled screams, trying unsuccessfully to get away from him.  You son of a bitch!

You gonna be quiet? asked Charlie, as Vanita finally, and reluctantly, nodded yes.  OK, he said, releasing a quieter, yet still fuming, Vanita.  I told you girls  theres only room for one suitcase for each of us.

Suzie, no! said Cassie, grabbing her and pulling her from the open doorway, as Charlie quickly closed it.

Follow me, said Charlie, carrying his and Suzies suitcases, as Cassie and Vanita grabbed theirs and got on either side of Suzie, taking her by the arms and moving her along.

Follow me, said Charlie, carrying his and Suzies suitcases, as Cassie and Vanita grabbed theirs and got on either side of Suzie, taking her by the arms and moving her along.

Weve got to get strapped in.  Cassie, you and Suzie sit here, he said, assisting them with the harnesses and seatbelts of the two front seats in the shuttles cockpit.  Vanita, you sit here, he motioned, as she took a seat behind Cassie and he helped her get harnessed in.

Weve got to get strapped in.  Cassie, you and Suzie sit here, he said, assisting them with the harnesses and seatbelts of the two front seats in the shuttles cockpit.  Vanita, you sit here, he motioned, as she took a seat behind Cassie and he helped her get harnessed in.

Then Charlie took a seat behind Suzie, and next to Vanita, and situated his own harness.

Reality was now setting in for them all, not just Suzie  sitting white-knuckled, gripping the armrests of her seat so tightly it would have cut off circulation had she been clutching someones arm.

Well, now weve done it, said Suzie, her bottom lip starting to quiver.

Itll be all right, Suzie, said Cassie, raising the armrest of her seat and putting an arm around her sister.  I wasnt about to leave Earth without you.

Im scared, Suzie said, wiping her teary eyes.  Were probably all gonna get arrested and put in jail for this! freaked Suzie.  And yall act like its no big deal - like were just going to the mall or something.

But noticing Vanitas icy stare in his direction, he asked her, So, whats your problem?

But noticing Vanitas icy stare in his direction, he asked her, So, whats your problem?

Here, said Cassie, pulling a paper bag out of her jeans pocket and handing it to Suzie to breathe into. I thought wed be needing this.

And this space freighter were on was developed from studies of an alien freighter that crashed in Roswell, too, he said.  Were on a mission to take this space shuttle to Star Base.

I know thats right, said Vanita.  Cause he dont know!

I dont feel so good, said Suzie, as she pulled the paper bag away from her face.

Charlie released his harness and seatbelt.  Look at me, he smiled, as he floated weightlessly.

That looks like fun, said Cassie, joining him.  Wow! she said, smiling and laughing.  Come on!

That looks like fun, said Cassie, joining him.  Wow! she said, smiling and laughing.  Come on!

You gotta try this, she said, floating over to Vanita and Suzie and releasing them from their seats.

Holy shit! screamed Vanita, as she floated out of her seat.

You gonna have a pity party all the way the Star Base, or what? he shouted and sighed.

Charlie knew the pilots schedule and when they would be milling around, because he had a computer printout of the two-man crews daily assignments.

There are two planets close to Star Base, said Charlie, as he lit a joint, took a hit, and passed it to Vanita.  One is called Tyre  you know, like tear drop, but spelled T-Y-R-E - and the other is called Thorr.

She turned to Cassie and Suzie.  Girls, looks like the odds are stacked in our favor.  She took a drag off the joint.  Here, Suzie, she said passing the joint to her.

Cassie took a hit off the joint and took in several quick, little breaths.  Well, she said, breathing out the smoke.  I have a confession to make.

You gotta be shittin me? said Vanita, as her mouth dropped open - totally shocked.  Weve been best friends for over two years, now  and all those men weve gone out with.

Youre my sister.

I love you anyway, said Suzie, hugging her.

Charlie had come to expect that every time they had a fight, Cassie would break up with him and eventually come back and make up.

Charlie hadnt yet grasped that Cassies admission of her sexual preference meant that she was through dating him.

Charlie hadnt yet grasped that Cassies admission of her sexual preference meant that she was through dating him.

Charlie just assumed that he and Cassie would continue dating, and that she would bring a girlfriend along for a threesome.

Charlie just assumed that he and Cassie would continue dating, and that she would bring a girlfriend along for a threesome.

I loved to go shopping with Paul, Vanita said.  Im sure gonna miss him.

Cassie got a concerned look on her face.  Vanita, are we OK?

I couldnt take it if I lost you as a friend.

Hugging her back and then pulling away, Cassie said, And I assure you, Vanita - Im not attracted to you in that way.

I really love you  but just as a friend.

Then Vanita got a curious, contemplative look on her face and said, Now, wait a minute.

Theres absolutely nothing wrong with you, said Cassie, laughing and smiling at her.  Youre one of the most beautiful people, inside and out, that Ive ever met.

The third soldier just happened to look their way and spotted them looking out.  Come out with your hands up, ordered the soldier as he opened the door of the shuttle, pointing at them a hand-held weapon with pulsating red lights.

Dont shoot! said Charlie, as he and the girls exited from their hiding spot with their hands in the air.  Dont shoot.

This way, the soldier motioned with his weapon, taking them away.

Yeah, Charlie said to the soldier, as he grinned and winked at Cassie, knowing that Tyre was one of the planets heavily populated with gay and bisexual women.

She was wearing a long, white, off the shoulder gown, accentuating her voluptuous breasts.

Her diamond earrings and necklace couldnt match the sparkle in her beautiful green eyes.

So, what have we here? said the Czar to the pilots that stood before her.  State your names, she ordered.

Im Captain Lewis - and this is Lieutenant Shaw - of the U.S./Republic, answered one of the pilots.

What the hell? said a stunned Captain Lewis, as Charlie and the girls joined the two pilots before the Czar.

You son of a bitch!

Youre all under arrest, said Captain Lewis to the stowaways.

Charlie just smiled slyly and gave Captain Lewis and Lieutenant Shaw the thumbs up sign, since he had been told not to speak until the Czar spoke to him directly.

The Czar was seated on her elevated throne with marble pillars on either side, looking down on the group.

Brass railings lined the steps up to her majesty.

You drifted into Tyrian orbit space, answered the Czar, as her eyes met Cassies.

Thats impossible, said Captain Lewis.  Were perfectly in line with our coordinates!

The Czar was much more interested in the three pretty women and the handsome young man, who had just appeared before her, than in speaking with the two pilots.

She couldnt keep her eyes off of Cassie.

Its nice to meet you, too, said Charlie, flashing his sexy Italian smile.

One more word out of either of you two pilots, unless I ask you a direct question, and Ill have you gagged, said Julia.  So, she said, turning to the entertainers. What kind of entertainment is this?

We play and sing pop and rock tunes, blurted Suzie, who had been quiet for so long that she was about to burst.  But we do a few blues songs too.

Julia turned to Vanita.  What instrument do you play? she asked, gazing at the gorgeous and sexy African-American woman.

The Czar sensed that Suzie and Vanita were straight, but she was getting strong vibes of interest from Cassie.

Yes, I would, said Julia, making eyes at Cassie, as Cassie smiled back at her.

Julia thought Cassie was one of the most beautiful women shed ever seen - with her tall, slender, yet curvaceous body.

Comrade, ordered Julia, to one of her soldiers.  Get several men and help the entertainers get their belongings from the freighter - and set up, here, for a concert.

Everything on that freighter is the property of the U.S./Republic, said Captain Lewis.

All right, said Julia, as she continued making eyes at Cassie.

Cassie put down her guitar, took her remote microphone from the stand, and began singing Come Be My Lover, while dancing seductively towards the Czar.

Cassie was even so bold as to climb onto the landing, where the Czar was seated on her throne, and sing the song directly to her.

So much so that all she could do was stare at Cassie in silence as the song ended.

That crate is not theirs, said Captain Lewis, as the gag was removed and he could finally speak.  Its the property of the U.S./Republic.

Youre leaving right now! Julia said to the pilots, irritated that they were diverting her attention from Cassie.  But the entertainers are staying here with me.

Theyre prisoners of the U.S./Republic, said Captain Lewis.

Escort Lieutenant Shaw and Captain Lewis out of the palace and out of Tyrian orbit space.

I could get used to these digs, mumbled Vanita, under her breath, looking around the palace.

I think Im in love, thought Cassie, staring at the beautiful Czar as she made her decent from her throne.

Cassie, that was great, Baby, Charlie said, as he turned off their equipment.  I can tell - the Czar wants you bad!

I hope she wasnt offended by your trashy performance, Cassie.

As the group gathered their belongings, Cassie found her suitcase sitting next to the crate that the U.S./Republic pilots didnt want to leave behind.

So she picked it up and put it in her suitcase.

Suzie grabbed her suitcase and joined the Czar.  Yall come on, she said to Charlie, Cassie, and Vanita, trying to hurry them along  not wanting to keep the Czar waiting.

Julia stared curiously at Suzie.  Yall? she repeated, not understanding the southern drawl.

She meant to say you all, said Charlie, as he and Cassie and Vanita approached them.

Tone down the southern accent.  Then he whispered to Cassie, Vanita, and Suzie, Just say you guys here, not yall.

Youll be staying in guest suites in my private wing of the palace, said Julia to the group as they walked down a long hallway.  Suzie and Vanita will occupy this suite, she said, opening a door.

Holy shit! said Vanita, as she and Suzie entered their suite and set their suitcases down.  Can you believe this?

Suzie was almost speechless.  Wow! she said, blown away by the lavish furnishings and the size of the living room.  This is, like, better than a five-star hotel, she said, walking towards a roaring fire in the fireplace and noticing a bar and kitchenette just around the corner.  Thank you, Madame Czar.

Then, she and Cassie and Charlie continued down the long hallway.

Charlie was given a single bedroom suite, which had the same amenities as Suzie and Vanitas suite and also came with two hot, topless, bisexual women to attend to his every need.

Very nice, said Charlie, smiling at his attendants - who were wearing nothing but smiles, heels, and thongs. Thank you, Julia!

Hello, girls, Charlie said to his attendants, as the two young women took him by the arms, pulled him into the suite, and closed the door.

Id like that, said Cassie, as she followed the Czar into her private suite.

The master bath is this way, said Julia, leading Cassie through her bedroom which included a queen size bed and a fireplace.  Would you like to take a hot bath?

Thanks, said Cassie, as Julia left her alone in the bathroom.

Cassie unpacked her suitcase, got undressed, and settled into a nice hot bubble bath in a king-sized tub.

She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and drifted into total relaxation

No, not at all, Cassie said, pleasantly surprised, as Julia slipped out of her formal gown, exposing her gorgeous naked body.

Julia stepped into the bathtub, climbed onto Cassies lap, facing her, and started kissing her passionately.

She ran the bar of soap down Cassies stomach, and then dropped it, as she ran her hand up one of Cassies inner thighs - arousing her and immediately finding her spot.

Julia continued pleasuring Cassie and was about to bring her to a climax when  What? Cassie said, startled awake by a knock on the bathroom door.  Whos there? she asked, with one of her hands in her crotch and the other holding one of her tits.

No! replied Cassie, grabbing the brass railing so she wouldnt slip under water.  Im fine.

A few minutes later, Julia led Cassie out of her suite to join the others for dinner.

But my stepdad has top secret security clearance - and he tends to drink a little too much whiskey.

One night I found him passed out in his office with information about Star Base, Tyre, and Thorr up on his computer screen.

Then Charlie talked us into coming with him, interjected Suzie.

Well, Im glad he did, said Julia, gazing at Cassie.

Weve gone by Just Us at gigs on Earth, said Charlie, taking the pipe from her.

Vanita took a hit from the pipe.  Here, she said, passing the pipe to Cassie.

Cassie took a big drag off the pipe and let it out.  Yeah, thats good, she said, as she and Vanita nodded their heads in agreement.

Oh, here are the pills I told you about, she said, motioning to two bottles of pills on the marble and gold table between the sofa and the fireplace.  The red ones are for weight control - one pill to maintain, two to lose weight.

This is just too good to be true, said Vanita, filling her pockets with the red and green pills, as Suzie, Cassie, and Charlie did the same.

Julia put her arms around Cassies waist, pulled her close, and kissed her.

Then she pushed Cassie down on the sofa and climbed on top of her.

Completely aroused, Julia stood up, took Cassie by the hand, and led her towards the bedroom.

Julia firmly put her free hand in Charlies chest  stopping him cold.  I will call you when I desire you to pleasure me.

Julia firmly put her free hand in Charlies chest  stopping him cold.  I will call you when I desire you to pleasure me.

Have fun, Charlie said, as he turned and left the Czars suite.

When Charlie got back to his suite, he initiated sex with his attendants for the second time that day.

Then he would join in.

The two young women were there to pleasure Charlie in any way he wanted.

What he really wanted was Cassie and Julia. * * * Have you ever been with a woman, before? Julia asked Cassie, as they stood making out at the foot of the Czars bed.

Cassie rolled Julia over on her back and proceeded to kiss her chest in-between her breasts.

She sucked one of her nipples while massaging her g-spot  pleasuring her until she brought Julia to a climax.

Julia climbed on top of Cassie and pulled a vibrator out from under her pillow.

Dont call her that, said Cassie.  I think shes the one.

Yes, maam, answered the young hunk, as he entered wearing nothing but a loincloth.

Yes, maam, he answered, retrieving a wash cloth from the linen cabinet.

Hit me again on the champagne, first, she said, holding out her empty glass to be refilled.

The half-naked young man refilled her glass and proceeded to wash her back, as instructed.

That was nice, replied Vanita, as he finished.  Thank you, sweet thang.

Suzies in her tub, taking a bubble bath too.

Shes waiting for you to come wash her back.

Yes, maam, said the young man, as he headed for Suzies private bathroom.

She knew Suzie would freak out as soon as the young man entered her bathroom.

I dont know, answered Cassie.  I havent seen her since breakfast.

Guess shes been detained, as she says.

So they finally decided to call it a night. * * * Excuse me! said Cassie, as she entered Julias living area - startled by the presence of Julia and a pretty, young blond, who were making out on the sofa.

Jealous and irritated, Cassie felt used by Julia. Dont let me interrupt, she said and turned to leave.

Cassie couldnt help but be skeptical that Julia was looking for her, unless she was looking with her tongue somewhere in the vicinity of the other womans tonsils.

Join you? Cassie asked, confused  thinking that Julia must be drunker than she looked.

Julia took Cassie by the hand, led her over to the sofa, and sat her in-between herself and the young woman.  Sasha was here for your concert the other day.

Sasha put her arms around Cassies neck, kissed her, and began fondling her breasts.  I think youre so hot, she whispered in Cassies ear.

Lets go to bed, said Julia, as she stood up and pulled Cassie and Sasha off the sofa.

You two have fun, Cassie said, trying to regain her composure  a bit apprehensive at the idea of a threesome.

And she was still somewhat jealous because Julia had brought home another woman.

Julia put her arms around Cassies waist, pulled her close, and said, Its Tyrian custom to share a girlfriend with a lover.

Sasha walked up behind Cassie and pulled Cassies spandex halter top off of her.  You dont find me attractive? she asked, wrapping her arms around Cassies neck and hugging her.

I mean... Cassie said, losing her train of thought as Sasha kissed her back and neck, while Julia kissed her breasts.

As soon as Julia was satisfied, she passed out for the night.

Cassie was starting to like the idea of having more that one woman interested in her at the same time.

It was at that time she realized that she had only been infatuated with Julia.

The next morning, Cassie entered the party room with Julia and Sasha hanging all over her, and the hugging and touching continued through breakfast.

Suzie looked at Cassie, disapprovingly, whenever she could get her attention.

Vanita just laughed, under her breath, and shook her head.

Charlie couldnt stop grinning, winking, and giving Cassie the thumbs up sign, which earned him disapproving looks from Suzie, too.

Cassie was dressed in a bathrobe, her hair wet from a quick shower.

She had enjoyed the attention of three horny women, while stoned off her ass on hoochy-mama and hallucinogens.

Can I get you something, Baby? he asked, as Cassie took a seat next to him at the table.

Orange juice would be great, she answered.

Be my guest, answered Vanita, grinning and shaking her head.

They advertised, heavily, that Cassie preferred women and that she was more than available.

* * * As Cassie entered the party room, she noticed that Charlie was watching a television over the bar.  Charlie, isnt that American football from Earth? she asked, taking a seat next to him at the bar.

* * * As Cassie entered the party room, she noticed that Charlie was watching a television over the bar.  Charlie, isnt that American football from Earth? she asked, taking a seat next to him at the bar.

Yeah, Charlie answered, putting her off - really getting into the game.  Throw the flag.

All I have to do is tell Julia you like something, and she makes it happen.

About that time, Cassie noticed an exceptionally large soldier, standing off to the side of the bar area, dressed in a green camouflage uniform.  Hi, Im Cassie, she said, introducing herself to the soldier.

Julia had assigned the clone to protect The Rockets  her new toy.

Him, said Charlie, pointing at Rocko, who was consuming massive quantities of food.  Julias assigned him to be our bodyguard.

You mean to protect you from all those groupies you guys pick up, said Suzie, as she walked past the bar, headed for the buffet.

Thats all the more reason to be nice to him, Charlie, said Cassie.  I dont want somebody watching my back that would like to see a knife stuck in it.

I think he looks like a big ol teddy bear.

Yeah, whatever, Charlie said, turning his attention back to the game.  Go!

Do you mind? yelled Vanita, from her and Suzies usual table - away from the bar.  Isnt there anything else on?

Time warp, said Charlie, as he grabbed a napkin and a pencil, from the bar, and started making notes.

Charlie, I hope your notes dont have anything to do with gambling on games, said Suzie, knowing that Charlie had a gambling problem that had gotten him into trouble on Earth.  I dont know where youd hide out here. * * * The last day of the groups three-month stay on Tyre finally came.

Cassie was conceited and full of herself, because so many women wanted her.

She had once thought she was falling in love with Julia.

Now, she wanted to go check out all the women on Star Base.

As for Julia, she wanted more time with Cassie, but it wasnt considered normal for a Tyrian to care for only one person.

So, Julia dismissed the strong feelings she was having for Cassie. * * * Charlie, are you watching football reruns, again? asked Cassie, taking a seat next to him at the bar.

So, Julia dismissed the strong feelings she was having for Cassie. * * * Charlie, are you watching football reruns, again? asked Cassie, taking a seat next to him at the bar.

Hey, Cassie, he answered, totally ignoring her, as he continued to watch the game.

Hey, Cassie, he answered, totally ignoring her, as he continued to watch the game.

Thank you, said Vanita, as she and Suzie sat at their usual table away from the bar, working on the song list.

The game was just getting good! said Charlie, trying to take the remote from her  as she switched it from hand to hand, playing keep away from him.  Give that back, he said, grabbing her around her waist and tickling her.

The game was just getting good! said Charlie, trying to take the remote from her  as she switched it from hand to hand, playing keep away from him.  Give that back, he said, grabbing her around her waist and tickling her.

No! she screamed and laughed, as Charlie finally wrestled the remote from her and changed the channel back to the game.  All right!

Touchdown! he yelled, jumping up from his barstool, setting the remote down on the bar, and throwing his arms in the air, signaling a score.

As Charlie reached out to take it from her, she tossed it at Rocko, who was standing guard about ten feet from bar (close to the buffet table).  Rocko!

A surprised Rocko caught the remote in his big right hand, inadvertently changing the channel to the oldies movie network.

Me, neither, said Vanita, as she and Suzie got up from their table and headed for the bar to get a closer view of the movie.

Give me the remote, he said to Rocko.

Here, said Rocko, holding the remote out for Charlie to come take it from him.

Dont let him have it, Rocko, said Cassie, as the girls continued watching their favorite old space movie.

OK, Cassie, said Rocko, putting the remote in his shirt pocket.

I said give it to me, demanded Charlie, walking towards Rocko  reaching out to take the remote from him.

Rocko took a step towards Charlie, snarling and showing his fangs.

Rocko puffed out his massive chest and growled so deeply, and so loudly, that the dishes on the buffet table rattled.

Down, boy!

Down, Ricky, said Charlie, stopping dead in his tracks and retreating back to the bar.

I thought he was supposed to protect us.

Go ahead and tell her.

Ill tell her I like him, and he makes me feel safe, said Cassie, smiling at Rocko.

Ill tell her I like him, and he makes me feel safe, said Cassie, smiling at Rocko.

Rocko smiled back at her, showing all of his big, white, bearcat teeth.

Rocko smiled back at her, showing all of his big, white, bearcat teeth.

Or you could go over there and kick his ass, teased Vanita, as the girls cracked up laughing, again.

Im staying here, he said, coming out from behind the bar and taking a seat on his favorite barstool.

Say, what! said Vanita, as she put her hands on her hips, walked over, and got in Charlies face.

Im staying here, said Charlie, taking a sip of his beer and setting the mug on the bar.

Were going to Star Base! yelled Vanita, doing her best head roll and waving a finger in his face.  And your ass is going with us!

Were going to Star Base! yelled Vanita, doing her best head roll and waving a finger in his face.  And your ass is going with us!

Cassie immediately jumped down from her barstool and got in-between Vanita and Charlie.  Hey!

You did promise to take us to Star Base, she said.  Lets go check out the women on Star Base.

Charlie, I hate to be the one to have to tell you this, said Cassie, but Julia told me, in bed last night, that she had to keep her word and send us on to Star Base.

All youve got to do is just tell her you wanna stay!

Just tell her you wanna stay here, he begged and pleaded.

Just tell her you wanna stay here, he begged and pleaded.

Charlie and his two attendants had a wild night, too.

Turning to Sergeant Ortiz, he said, What are we being arrested for?

Charlie quickly hid the flask in an inside pocket of his leather jacket as three Star Base officers entered the conference room.

This is Major Thorr, he said, motioning towards the pretty, young blond woman that walked around the table and stood behind the group.  And this is Captain Thibodeaux, he said motioning towards a tall, handsome, black man who took his place on the other side of the table, facing the group and standing next to a visual screen.

Oooh! yelled Cassie, waving her hand in the air, getting the Colonels attention.

Here, said Charlie, pulling a paper bag out of his backpack and handing it to Suzie.  Everythings gonna be just fine, Suzie, he said, as she began breathing into the bag.  Were not going to prison.

Here, said Charlie, pulling a paper bag out of his backpack and handing it to Suzie.  Everythings gonna be just fine, Suzie, he said, as she began breathing into the bag.  Were not going to prison.

Were so sorry! apologized Suzie, pulling the paper bag away from her face, totally freaking out. We didnt mean any harm!

In the meantime, Vanita and Captain Thibodeaux kept exchanging glances, while trying to act like they were paying attention to what was going on.

Colonel, your communication with NASA has come through, said Major Thorr.

Put it on visual, Major, said the Colonel.

Aye, sir, responded Major Thorr, punching buttons on a control panel behind her and bringing up a visual of Jack Schick, head of security at NASA.

He was sitting at his desk, drinking a cup of coffee that was heavily laced with whiskey, contemplating his future at NASA  if he still had one.  Colonel Smith, he said, acknowledging the Star Base commander.

Im, so sorry, she said to the three Star Base officers and Schick.  Shes had way too much to drink.

You son of a bitch, said Schick.  What the fuck do you think youre doing on Star Base?

Its been a real drag, so far, said Charlie.  Im about ready to get the fuck out of here and go back to Tyre!  Charlie took his flask out of his pocket, took a big swig, and handed it to Cassie.

Cassie was about to take a nip from the flask, when Major Thorr reached over her shoulder and took it from her.  Hey!

This is a formal investigation, not a nightclub, snapped the Major, keeping the flask.

You sure are bossy to be so cute, Cassie said to the Major and then turned back around in her chair.

You smart-ass, son-of-a-bitch! yelled Schick, the veins in his neck and forehead bulging - his blood pressure soaring sky high.  Just wait till your ass is in a straight-jacket in a military prison!

You smart-ass, son-of-a-bitch! yelled Schick, the veins in his neck and forehead bulging - his blood pressure soaring sky high.  Just wait till your ass is in a straight-jacket in a military prison!

Actually, theres something Ive always wanted to say, said Charlie, getting a serious look on his face.

Houston  Weve got a fucking problem! yelled Charlie, as he and Cassie laughed and pounded the table.

No.  Im Cassidy Jones, she responded.  Dont be rude, Suzie.

Hello, Mr. Schick, Suzie said, her hands shaking  scared to death by the whole ordeal.

Its Jack Shit, instructed Cassie, as she and Charlie started laughing, again.

Finally, the voice of reason, said Major Thorr, glaring at Cassie and Charlie.  If youre smart, youll take her advice.

Only being able to see so far down the table, from the visual that Schick was receiving on Earth, he asked, Is that colored gal with you?

What color is she? asked Cassie.  Ill look and see.

Charlie, Vanita, and the Captain all laughed at Cassies remark.

The Major sighed and rolled her eyes, frustrated by all the inappropriate and obnoxious behavior.

Ms. Vanita Harris, is your name.

Yessa, Massa Schick, sir, answered Vanita - making fun of Schicks condescending and racist attitude - sending Charlie and Cassie into hysterical laughter, as the Captain tried in vain to maintain his composure.

Yessa, Massa Schick, sir, answered Vanita - making fun of Schicks condescending and racist attitude - sending Charlie and Cassie into hysterical laughter, as the Captain tried in vain to maintain his composure.

Thats enough! yelled the Major, at Cassie and Charlie, shaking her head at the Captain - not wanting him to encourage the out of control behavior.

Thats enough! yelled the Major, at Cassie and Charlie, shaking her head at the Captain - not wanting him to encourage the out of control behavior.

Yes, maam! snapped Charlie, mockingly saluting the Major, as he and Cassie held a straight face as long as they could  and then cracked up laughing again.

Ms. Harris, it seems that your boyfriend was found  almost beaten to death  the day you disappeared, said Schick.  He was found in bed, covered with a blanket  with a broom next to the bed.

Youre lucky he lived.

Cassie and Charlie jumped up from their chairs and high-fived Vanita, cheering her on.

Everyone sit down! yelled the Colonel, as he pushed his chair back and stood up.

Hey, yall! yelled Cassie  I think its about time to shoot him the moon from outer space, she said, pointing at the image of Schick on the visual screen.

Hey, yall! yelled Cassie  I think its about time to shoot him the moon from outer space, she said, pointing at the image of Schick on the visual screen.

I think so, too, Baby, said Charlie, egging her on, as he sat back down.

I think so, too, Baby, said Charlie, egging her on, as he sat back down.

Cassie jumped up onto the table and bared her ass to Schick.

Get down from there! yelled Suzie, as she crawled up on the table  trying to get her down.

Suzie immediately got down and took a seat, as Major Thorr grabbed Cassie and pulled her off the table  just as Cassie was pulling her jeans back up.

Major Thorr pushed Cassie back into her chair.  I dont think you understand the seriousness of the situation.

Darlin, I think I could get real serious with you, said Cassie, totally embarrassing the Major - making her blush blood red.

My name is not Darlin! yelled the furious Major, getting in Cassies face.  Its Major Thorr, to you!

Theres no excuse for you being so rude to the Major, said Suzie.

Stowing away and being a fugitive from the law is not a goddamn business! yelled Schick, as he grabbed his bottle of blood pressure medication and downed a pill with his whiskey-laced coffee.  I tried to do right by you, for your mothers sake.

But, God rest her soul, she just wouldnt let me discipline you.

Well, that didnt stop you from getting drunk and smacking her around, though, did it! yelled Charlie.

He reached into his backpack and pulled out a Top Secret NASA computer printout  all about Star Base, Tyre, and Thorr.

And I have a connected friend that has one, too.

The Colonel and Major Thorr quickly examined the document.

He has the upper hand, now, and he knows it, thought the Colonel, as he glared at Charlie.

Nobodys going to believe a bunch of drugged-out rock star wannabes, he said, trying to hide his concern behind a smug grin.

Dont bet on it, said Charlie, as he picked up the document and put it back in his backpack.

That could take a while.  So what do we do with you people in the meantime? he said, sitting back down at the table  sighing and shaking his head.

Thirty days in the brig would seem appropriate, said Major Thorr.  Then send them back to Earth.

The Major was just livid as Cassie and Charlie made light of the situation.

Just think what it would do for morale, he said, trying to manipulate the Colonel.

Colonel, with all due respect, they belong in the brig! pleaded Major Thorr.

Ill just put them under house arrest - on Star Base - for now, Major ordered the Colonel.  I think something like this could do a world of good for morale around here.

Dont you, Captain? asked the Colonel.

Yes, sir, answered the Captain, as he continued to gaze at Vanita  not really even hearing the question.

Captain Thibodeaux didnt even notice that the Major was looking to him for support.

Captain Thibodeaux didnt even notice that the Major was looking to him for support.

Aye, Sir, said Ortiz, signing off.

Major, you and the Captain take our guests down to the infirmary, for a physical and a DNA map, and then get them settled in, ordered the Colonel.

As they headed down the hallway, Charlie pulled another flask of Scotch out of his jacket, took a swig, and then shared it with Cassie when the Major wasnt looking.

As they headed down the hallway, Charlie pulled another flask of Scotch out of his jacket, took a swig, and then shared it with Cassie when the Major wasnt looking.

They didnt have to worry about the Captain - he couldnt keep his eyes off of Vanita.

If I was her, Vanita said to Cassie, I wouldve slapped the shit out of you back at the conference room.

Charlie was laughing so hard he had to sit down on the floor for a minute just to regain his composure.

After all, he had dared and encouraged Cassie to grab a handful of the Major, ever since theyd left the conference room on the Control Center.

I am so sorry  and so embarrassed, Suzie said to Major Thorr.  Shes not usually like this.

Captain, see that they get their physicals and DNA map.

Ill be back later to escort them to their quarters, said Major Thorr, walking away to take a break from the irritating situation.

Best steer clear of her.

Captain Thibodeaux introduced the group to Dr. Ryan Gerard.

Suzie and the doctor hit it off right away.

Suzie thought the tall, blond, blue-eyed doctor was just adorable  especially the dimples in his big smile.

Suzie thought the tall, blond, blue-eyed doctor was just adorable  especially the dimples in his big smile.

Vanita invited the Captain and the doctor to be The Rockets guests at their upcoming concerts on Star Base.

After the medical exams were completed, the Major returned to escort the entertainers to their quarters - accompanied by Dr. Gerard, Captain Thibodeaux, and a cadet with the entertainers luggage.

Finally, Major Thorr opened four doors above the Base Exchange (BX) general store, which were vacant dorm rooms in the cadets area of Star Base.

Then she motioned for the group to take whichever room they wanted.

This is Star Base, not a five star hotel, replied Major Thorr.  I only wish I could have found worse accommodations.

Its either here or, if you prefer, the brig! the Major yelled back at him.

Its either here or, if you prefer, the brig! the Major yelled back at him.

Vanita and Suzie were too goo-goo eyed over the Captain and Dr. Gerard, respectively, to care about where they were staying.

At that time, Dr. Gerard invited her and Vanita to meet him and Captain Thibodeaux for lunch around noon in the Star Base Cafeteria.

At that time, Dr. Gerard invited her and Vanita to meet him and Captain Thibodeaux for lunch around noon in the Star Base Cafeteria.

Suzie showed Cassie to her quarters, got her put to bed, and told an excited Vanita about the lunch plans.

At noon, Suzie and Vanita met Dr. Gerard and Captain Thibodeaux in the cafeteria.

As soon as they got their lunch trays and settled in at a big table, Suzie noticed that Major Thorr - who had seen them first - had entered the dining area, alone, and was headed towards a table on the other side of the room.

Major Thorr! Suzie called out.  Major!

Oh, no, thought Major Thorr, looking their way as Suzie smiled and waved at her.

Would you like to sit with us, Major? asked Suzie, as Dr. Gerard and the Captain motioned for her to come join them.

Come join us, Major, urged Dr. Gerard.

Major Thorr reluctantly approached their table, looking all around the room to be sure that Cassie and Charlie were nowhere in sight.  Ms. Jones.

Ms.

Harris, said the Major, acknowledging them.

Lets not be so formal, said Captain Thibodeaux.  Im Jason, this is Ryan, and this is Brianna.

Have a seat, Major, said Vanita, noticing the Majors apprehension.  Charlies not here and Cassies in bed sleeping it off.

I dont think youll have to worry about seeing her today - and maybe not even tomorrow.

All right, said Brianna, as she set her lunch tray on the table and took a seat next to Suzie.  I cant help but notice your nails, she said, totally fascinated by Suzie and Vanitas fingernails.

Then our mother died - mine and Cassies, that is - so I had to drop out of school and get a job.

What if Suzies obnoxious sister shows up?

Brianna, I can assure you, Suzies sister will be sleeping all day today, said Ryan, picking up on Briannas apprehension.  I could have given her medication to bring her around, but Suzie wanted her to have the hangover to insure that this kind of behavior wouldnt be repeated.

All right, said Major Thorr.  I have to take care of something at the Control Center, change, and get the wine.

I had a closet on Earth that was nicer than the room I have here, complained Charlie, referring to his quarters.  This is fucking ridiculous.

He was wearing a black, sequined after-five cocktail dress and red high heels, exposing his furry chest and legs.  Bobu.

Charlie, this is my other half, Bebo, said Bobu, introducing the two as he made the drink order.  Charlies part of that rock band, The Rockets.

I recognize him from the pictures in the tabloids.

Well, heres a menu, said Bebo, handing one to Charlie, as he waited for the drink order.  If you want anything more than sandwiches and hors doeuvres, youll have to go to The Officers Club dining room or the Star Base Cafeteria.

Those women cant wait for her to show up down there.

Theyre going to be all over her like buzzards on dead meat, you mark my word.

Later, Charlie, said Bebo as he left to serve the drinks.

Does a rat have an ass? responded Bobu, as he grinned a seedy grin and stroked his whiskers.

Great, man, said Charlie, getting up from his barstool and paying his tab.  Im going to get something to eat.

Ill be back, he said and exited Bobus.

Suzie set up a make-shift beauty shop out of the small table, chair, and dresser as she and Vanita bonded with Brianna over several glasses of wine.

Suzie and Vanita asked Brianna a lot of questions about herself, Ryan, and Jason  but mostly about Ryan and Jason, which she was happy to answer.

Brianna shared that Jason had lost his family, on Earth, in the hurricane Katrina disaster.

At the time, he was attending flight school, in Houston, to become an astronaut.

This prompted him to take the military assignment on Star Base  which was a top secret, lifetime assignment and allowed no return to Earth.

Brianna also shared that she had divorced her husband, because she had come to the realization that her sexual preference was women.

When Suzie was done with Briannas nails, she gave her a haircut and applied her makeup.

Turing back to Cassie he said, So tell me, already.

What did Julia say when you told her about our situation over here?

Well, I didnt actually talk to her, Cassie said.  Sergeant Ortiz just gave me a note from her - some kind of electronic mail.

Well, when she gets here, were going back to the palace on Tyre, to live with her.

We cant just tell Julia were going to live with her, Charlie.

All you gotta do is just tell her you want us to.

Theyre pretty involved with the doctor and the captain.

OK.  As they reached the gym entrance, Major Brianna Thorr, dressed in full uniform, was exiting - ready to report for duty.  Good morning, Major Thorr.

Hows it going? said Cassie, flashing her sexiest, most flirtatious smile at the Major.

The Major just gave Cassie, and Charlie, a dirty look and walked right past them without responding.

Can I call you? Cassie yelled after her, as the Major walked away  completely ignoring them.

Charlie just laughed and shook his head.  What an Ice Princess.

Hell will probably freeze over before she speaks to you.

Cassie was all smiles as she entered The Officers Club for rehearsal.

Charlie was in the middle of setting up his drum set, when he noticed that Cassie had joined the group on stage.  What are you so happy about, Cassie? he asked, noticing her good mood.

Charlie was in the middle of setting up his drum set, when he noticed that Cassie had joined the group on stage.  What are you so happy about, Cassie? he asked, noticing her good mood.

It would appear Hell just froze over, Cassie said, removing her guitar from its case and starting to make tuning adjustments.  She finally spoke to me.

You mean the Ice Princess? Charlie asked, as he adjusted his snare drum and symbols.

Whatd she say?

I bet I can warm her up, said a confident Cassie.  Anyway, we just got off on the wrong foot.

Vanita looked up from tuning her bass and said, Well, you got the foot part right.

All right girls - enough about the Ice Princess, said Charlie, over his microphone.  Test - one, two.

Dont call her that, Charlie, said Suzie.  Her name is Brianna.

She could have her pick of any of them.

But she had already made the mistake of alienating the one she was really interested in.

Major Thorr had a morning workout routine that Cassie picked up on fairly quickly.

So, the next morning, Cassie headed for the gym early to work out, knowing that she would run into her.

Cassie spotted her running on the track that circled the gym and decided to join her.  Good morning, Major Thorr, said Cassie, running along side of her.  I missed you at our concert last night.

Without saying a word, Major Thorr took off running so fast that Cassie had no chance to keep up with her.

Jason reached out and put an arm around Vanita and kissed her.

Vanita responded by kissing him back and running a hand over his crotch.  Would you like to see my place while I can still walk? Jason whispered in her ear.

Vanita responded by kissing him back and running a hand over his crotch.  Would you like to see my place while I can still walk? Jason whispered in her ear.

Once alone, Ryan took Suzie in his arms and kissed her.

Once alone, Ryan took Suzie in his arms and kissed her.

He reached underneath her blouse in the back, unhooked her bra, and began fondling her breasts.

She returned the favor, helping him off with his shirt.

Ryan picked her up, carried her to his bedroom, and made love to her.

Ryan picked her up, carried her to his bedroom, and made love to her.

Jason and Vanita barely made it inside his quarters before they ripped each others clothes off.

Then he took her to bed for more.

Then he took her to bed for more.

When she entered the room, she found Julia there, alone, waiting for her.

Ive missed you so much, said Julia, getting up from her chair, throwing her arms around Cassies neck, and kissing her.

At that time, Colonel Smith and Major Thorr entered the conference room, unnoticed by Julia and Cassie, who were kissing passionately.

Finally, the Colonel cleared his throat to get their attention.

Madam Czar, said Colonel Smith.  Ms. Jones, he said, acknowledging her, while wondering why the Czar had brought her to the meeting.

Major Thorr, responded Julia.

Madam Czar, replied the Major, refusing to look Cassies way or even acknowledge her presence.

Hows it going, Major, said Cassie, smiling and trying to make eye contact with her.

I wonder what thats all about? thought Julia, noticing the friction between Cassie and Major Thorr.

The Colonel took his seat at the head of the table.

Major Thorr took a seat across from Julia and Cassie.

I have a proposition for you - one I think youll like, said Julia, pulling legal documents from the briefcase that was sitting on the floor next to her and setting them on the table in front of the Colonel.  Im offering you the treaty for which the Republic has been asking - regarding flying in Tyrian orbit space - and also a tariff free trade agreement.

Colonel Smith and Major Thorr immediately began studying the legal documents.

After a thorough review of the documents, the Major said, Everything appears to be in order, Sir.

Im willing to make these concessions upon one condition, said Julia, pulling another document from her briefcase.

Julia said, smiling at Cassie and running her fingers through Cassies hair, My creation, The Rockets, are never to be sent back to Earth.  Then she handed the Colonel the agreement.

Excuse us, said the Colonel, as he and Major Thorr exited the conference room.

When the Colonel and the Major re-entered the conference room, about an hour later, Colonel Smith had to clear his throat, once again, to get Julias attention - breaking up the laughing, talking, and kissing between her and Cassie.

When the Colonel and the Major re-entered the conference room, about an hour later, Colonel Smith had to clear his throat, once again, to get Julias attention - breaking up the laughing, talking, and kissing between her and Cassie.

What is your answer, Colonel, asked Julia, temporarily turning her attention away from Cassie.

But theres one more condition before we sign the treaty, said Julia, pulling a couple more legal documents from her briefcase.  This has nothing to do with the Republic.

I dont have a problem with that, Cassie said to Julia, taking the contracts from her.  But let me get this straight.

In that case, where do I sign? said Cassie, as she took a pen from Julia and signed both copies of the contract without even reading them.

Thank you, Cassie said to Julia, giving her a big hug and kiss, as they got up from the table.

Oh, I bet we can think of something, Julia whispered back to her, holding her close.

We accept, Julia answered for herself and Cassie, as she picked up her copies of all the legal documents and put them in her briefcase.

The Major turned to Colonel Smith and said, I have something to attend to at the Control Center, Sir.

Youll be there with bells on, Major.

Thats an order, said Colonel Smith, getting up from his chair.  This is quite a coup.

Unbelievable, he thought, smiling and shaking his head.  Ill see you in an hour in The Officers Club dining room.

Julia and Cassie arrived at The Officers Club dining room before the Colonel and the Major, and were sitting at a table drinking champagne, talking, and kissing, when the two officers entered.

The Colonel was dressed in his military formal uniform.

And keep it coming, said the Colonel, as he and Major Thorr joined Julia and Cassie.

However, Julia couldnt help but notice how hard Major Thorr was trying to completely ignore Cassie.

As they all got up from the table and headed for the bar section of The Officers Club, Major Thorr whispered to the Colonel, Its been a long day, Sir.

Were going dancing, Major.

Thats an order, the Colonel whispered back to her, politely taking her arm and escorting her into the bar.

Please, call me Julia, she said, as they got up from the table.

But only if you call me Ian, he said.

Would you like to dance, Major? asked Cassie.

No, I dont want to dance with you! snapped Major Thorr.  The only reason Im here is because it was a direct order.

Never say never, said Cassie, grinning at the Major, only further antagonizing her.  So, I guess if you dont want to dance - a roll in the hay is out of the question?

I dont understand - a roll in the hay? asked the Major, not relating to the Earthlings slang expression.

Since Suzie had started cutting her hair, and had taught her how to apply her makeup, the Major looked more like a model than a military officer.

Finally, Major Thorr turned to Cassie and broke the silence, I know about the bet.

One of the cadets accidentally left his betting form out and I just happened to see it.

Look at the fire in those eyes, Cassie thought, smiling at the Major.

Fine! yelled Cassie, as her smile disappeared.  But just for the record, if I was gonna place a bet on me and you getting together, the day I would pick would be never! she said sarcastically, as Julia and the Colonel headed back from the dance floor.

Did you miss me? asked Julia, taking her seat next to Cassie and putting an arm around her shoulders.

Desperately, said Cassie, leaning in and kissing her.

Thatll show that stuck-up Major Thorr, Cassie thought.

Who needs her, anyway, when I can have a smokin hot Czar?

As Cassie pulled back from Julia, her gaze again returned to Major Thorr, who continued to obviously ignore her.

Theres something going on here, thought Julia, looking curiously at Cassie and Major Thorr.

He was buying rounds of drinks and celebrating The Rockets freedom, their business contract with Julia, and his and Cassies return visit to the palace on Tyre, later that evening.

Charlie, I need to speak with you, said Julia, as she approached him at the bar.

Charlie, I need to speak with you, said Julia, as she approached him at the bar.

Sure, Julia, said Charlie, tearing himself away from the pretty bartender.  Ill be back, he said to her, as he and Julia moved away from the bar where no one could hear their conversation.

Sure, Julia, said Charlie, tearing himself away from the pretty bartender.  Ill be back, he said to her, as he and Julia moved away from the bar where no one could hear their conversation.

I sense some sexual tension between Cassie and Major Thorr, said Julia.  I think we need to nip it in the bud.

And when you get back, find a way to put it in Major Thorrs drink.

Then you come over to the table to say hello.  Then find a way to distract the Major and Cassie and drop it in.

But whos going to sleep with her?

I think the best way to handle this is to let Cassie get the Major out of her system.

The Major is Thorrian.

And I happen to know for a fact that the Major is one of those flawed ones.

One night with that boring Major and Cassie will be through with her.

And have I got some girls lined up, she said, smiling.

If youre successful in drugging Major Thorr, then you can return to the palace with me tonight.

Once shes drugged, go to the landing bay and contact me on my communicator, she said, walking over to the bar, writing a number on a cocktail napkin, and handing it to him.

Once shes drugged, go to the landing bay and contact me on my communicator, she said, walking over to the bar, writing a number on a cocktail napkin, and handing it to him.

You got it, said Charlie, as he went running from The Officers Club headed for Bobus.

As soon as Julia noticed his return, she asked the Colonel to dance.

As soon as Julia noticed his return, she asked the Colonel to dance.

Charlie gave Julia and the Colonel just enough time to reach the dance floor, before he headed over to their table.  Hello, girls, Charlie said to Cassie and Major Thorr as he approached them.

The Major responded by ignoring Charlie, as usual.

I think theyre sitting over there.  He pointed behind Cassie and Major Thorr, causing them to turn and look over their shoulders for Suzie and Vanita.

The instant Cassie and Major Thorr looked away, Charlie dropped the drug into the Majors drink.

Ill see you out in the landing bay, Charlie said to Cassie, as he turned and left the bar.

He was proud of himself for pulling that stunt off without a hitch, and he couldnt help but laugh to himself - today was the day he bet Cassie would get the Major into bed.

Cassie and Major Thorr sipped champagne and stared out at the dance floor, while Julia and the Colonel danced.

Cassie and the Major hadnt spoken a word to one another while they were gone.

Julia, here, she answered.  I see.

Im sorry, Dear, she said, turning to Cassie. An urgent matter has come up that I must attend to at once.

Duty calls, said Julia, as she kissed her bye and got up from the table.  Ill return for you as soon as I can.

It would be my pleasure, Julia, answered Colonel Smith, as he got up from the table.  Major, you entertain Cassie.

Aye, sir, said the Major, yawning and looking even more sleepy-eyed.

As soon as Julia and Colonel Smith exited The Officers Club, the Major looked at Cassie and said, Entertain yourself.

Cassie jumped up and grabbed her around the waist with her right arm, put the Majors left arm around her neck, and held her up.

Some people just cant drink champagne, said Cassie, helping a tipsy Major Thorr out of The Officers Club.

Im fine, answered Major Thorr.

See you around, said Cassie, as she let go of her and started to leave.

The Major instantly started to fall, again.

Cassie grabbed her around her waist and held her up, facing her.

The Major looked into Cassies eyes, threw her arms around Cassies neck, and kissed her.

Do you want to come in and go to bed with me? Major Thorr asked, feeling the full effect of the drug.

Everyone would assume that Cassie had slept with the Major and that Charlie had won the bet.

The bedrooms that way, Darlin, pointed Major Thorr, giggling and trying to imitate the Earthlings Texas accent.

Here you go, said Cassie, helping her into the bedroom.

When Cassie let her go, the Major fell on her back - landing in the center of the bed.

Cassie took off the Majors shoes and began turning the bed down - which was no small feat, since the Major kept trying to pull Cassie onto the bed with her.

I bet tonights the night, laughed the Major, totally out of her mind on Trystanol.

The next morning about 8:00 a.m., Major Thorr emerged from her bedroom dressed in full uniform, ready to report for duty.

When she noticed Cassie asleep on her living room sofa, she was livid.  What are you doing here?! she yelled, startling Cassie awake.

What? said Cassie, falling off the sofa - then standing up and getting reoriented with where she was.

So, why are you still here? she asked, as she held her head in one hand  looking hung over.

Im leaving, said Cassie, grabbing her heels out from under the coffee table and putting them on.

She reached under a cushion on the sofa, retrieved her purse, and stood up.

Why should I believe you? she asked, as she entered the number for Star Base Security on her communicator.  Give me one good reason.

Yes, she said - stopping to reflect, for a moment, on the situation.

Anyone that would drug a woman and take advantage of her is about as low as you can get.

Sergeant Ortiz, here, said the voice on the other end of the Majors communicator.  Can I help you, Major?

Ill get back to you, Ortiz, said Major Thorr.

Aye, Major, said Ortiz, signing off.

Well, at least weve come to an understanding there, said the Major.

If I had the evidence to prove it, you would be on your way to the brig right now! she yelled, getting in Cassies face.  Youve made me the laughing stock of Star Base!

You got it! yelled Cassie, as she turned and left the Majors quarters.

Can I have your attention, please? he yelled, tapping a wineglass with a bottle opener - getting the attention of the entire lunch crowd.  Ladies, gentlemen, and Rodens - there she is.

Can I have your attention, please? he yelled, tapping a wineglass with a bottle opener - getting the attention of the entire lunch crowd.  Ladies, gentlemen, and Rodens - there she is.

As Cassie headed for the bar, she was greeted with handshakes and pats on the back from the cheering crowd.

Thank you, said Cassie, smiling and waving at everyone.  Thank you, she said, while motioning for the crowd to quiet down.

Just fine, Cassie, he responded rather coldly, not even looking at her as he waited for Bobu to take his drink order.

Just fine, Cassie, he responded rather coldly, not even looking at her as he waited for Bobu to take his drink order.

And may I be the first to formally congratulate you on bedding the Major.

No, no, stammered Cassie, shaking her head, no.  You dont understand.

Of course you can, he interrupted, once again, not giving Cassie a chance to explain.  You deserve all the credit.

Youre an animal! he said, grinning a seedy Roden grin, stroking his whiskers, and giving her the thumbs up sign.  Your lunch tab is on the house.

Youre an animal! he said, grinning a seedy Roden grin, stroking his whiskers, and giving her the thumbs up sign.  Your lunch tab is on the house.

Bebo just sighed and rolled his eyes in disgust at Bobu and Cassie.  Are you going to take this drink order or not!? he yelled at Bobu.

At the opposite end of the bar of where Cassie was sitting, three male cadets, uniformed in navy flight suits, were drinking beer.  To Cassie Jones! yelled one of the cadets, as all three of them smiled and raised a glass to her.

Maybe now that the Major finally got some, shell get off my ass, said another one of the cadets as the three of them laughed and shook their heads in agreement.

The tip of Bebos black, pointed nose turned bright red and his whiskers began to quiver.  You should all be ashamed of yourselves!!! he yelled, giving the cadets, Bobu, and Cassie, dirty looks.  Major Thorr is one of the nicest, most sincere people Ive ever met.

We can send them to the Major.

She could probably use some come fuck me pumps, he said, cracking the other two cadets up laughing.

Ill give you come fuck me pumps! yelled Bebo, at the cadet, as he took off his hot pink pumps and threw them, hitting the third cadet and the cadet standing next to him upside their heads.  Out!

Youve all had way too much to drink, he said, waving his empty drink tray at them - his beady little Roden eyes bulging with rage.  I said OUT! yelled Bebo, as he ran over to the cadets and started smacking them about their heads and shoulders with the drink tray.

Out! he yelled, continuing to smack them with the drink tray - connecting a smack on each of them, with every word and running the cadets out of the bar.

You want some of this? asked Bebo, waving the drink tray at Bobu with one hand, while pulling up his slip with the other, as he headed towards the bar.

Never mind, said Bobu, as he served Cassie her sandwich and a beer and retreated to the storeroom behind the bar.

Never mind, said Bobu, as he served Cassie her sandwich and a beer and retreated to the storeroom behind the bar.

Cassie grabbed her sandwich and stepped down from her barstool.  I think Ill just take this to go, she said, hurriedly leaving the bar.

Cassie was starting to feel bad for Major Thorr.

If I dont do something, Ill have no chance of ever dating her.

But how can I convince her that I had nothing to do with it?

The next morning, Cassie went to the gym for her workout.

When she entered the weight room, she was shocked by what she saw.

The Major was bench-pressing what appeared to be about 200 pounds.

The Major was about five-feet-five and couldnt have weighed more than 115 pounds, soaking wet.

Some Thorrian women were blessed with extraordinary strength and Major Thorr was one of them.

About that time, a personal trainer named Sonya approached Major Thorr, handed her a towel, and then leaned in and kissed her.

Ive got to get her out of my mind.

Why cant I stop thinking about her?

Cassie was now determined to avoid Major Thorr.

At lunchtime, Cassie was eating alone in the Star Base Cafeteria when Suzie and Ryan and Vanita and Jason entered and joined her.

Vanita looked at Suzie and Cassie curiously.  What ad? she asked.

Take a look at this, she answered, handing the newspaper to Vanita.

About that time, Suzie noticed Major Thorr in the food line.  Theres Brianna, said Suzie.  I wonder if shes seen the ad?

See you later, girlfriend, Vanita called out to her, wondering what Cassie was in such a rush about.

Damn, I cant get her out of my head, thought Cassie as she made a clean getaway from the cafeteria.

What is it? answered Brianna, as she set her lunch tray on the table, took the newspaper from Suzie, and sat down.  Oh, my, she said, noticing the ad was about her.

The other night, I helped Major Thorr home from The Officers Club.

The reason she needed help, was that someone (not me) drugged her.

I spent the night on her sofa just to be sure she was OK.

Major Thorr is a lady that deserves to be treated with respect.

Major Thorr and I are not lovers.

I apologize to Major Thorr for my rude behavior the day I got here.

I would have never expected anything like this from your sister, said Brianna.  I appreciate this very much.

Now the joke was on them, not the Major.

Colonel Smith received information of some disrespectful behavior by three cadets directed at Major Thorr.

Cassie occupied her time by hiding out at The Officers Club bar  during closed hours  rehearsing on her own.

After a couple of days, Vanita got curious as to where Cassie was, since she hadnt seen her around.

So she went looking for Cassie and found her on stage in The Officers Club bar, playing the drums.  Whats up, Cassie? she asked as she walked past the bar area, crossed the dance floor, and headed for the stage.

Im just hiding out, avoiding Bobus and all the mad people - like Jason told me to, she answered.

He didnt say to hide from your sister and your best friend.

Thanks for the warning, thought Cassie.  So, how are you and Jason doing? she asked, deliberately changing the subject, as she came out from behind the drums, walked over to the edge of the stage, and sat down.

Just the sight of that man makes me tingle all over, said Vanita, with a big smile, as she climbed onto the stage and sat next to Cassie.

Reel him in.

Im just biding my time - dont want to scare him off.

Ill kill her with my bare hands.

Have you or Suzie heard from him?

I havent talked to her this morning.

I wonder where he could be?

Well, if he had anything to do with that bet - just wait till I find his ass and show him the ad.

Oooh, I hope Im around to see that, if he is said Vanita, laughing.  But hell never learn.

You and I both know he had all kinds of gambling debts on Earth before we came here.

There were loan sharks looking for him everywhere.

I gotta get over to his quarters and start cooking up some breakfast.

And when he gets home, well see what else we can cook up - if you know what I mean, she said, raising her eyebrows and grinning.

And when he gets home, well see what else we can cook up - if you know what I mean, she said, raising her eyebrows and grinning.

Well, have fun, said Cassie, as she headed to the bar to read her message.

She was tired of hiding out from all the mad gamblers on Star Base - and trying to avoid Major Thorr, too.

That afternoon at 5:00 p.m., Cassie went to Suzies quarters to get a purse that Suzie had borrowed from her.

Becoming concerned, she placed a communication to Dr. Gerards quarters to see if he might know where Suzie was.

Becoming concerned, she placed a communication to Dr. Gerards quarters to see if he might know where Suzie was.

I just talked to Vanita  and told her  and she said that Jason asked her to move in with him.

I just talked to Vanita  and told her  and she said that Jason asked her to move in with him.

She had on diamond stud earrings and a diamond heart necklace that Julia had given her.

OK, Cassie said, as she walked into the living room and Suzie headed for the bedroom to retrieve the purse.  Nice place, Sis, Cassie called out to her, noticing the awesome view of the stars out a big observation window.

Then she just happened to turn and glance into the dining room.

Suzie had been doing her nails, and she was letting them dry.

I would have just blown off getting my purse, if Id known she was here, thought Cassie.  Tell Suzie I couldnt wait, she said, turning to leave.

Cassidy, wait! said the Major, stopping Cassie in her tracks.  May I just have a word with you, please?

Ouch, thought Cassie, feeling like her heart had been ripped out of her chest and kicked to the curb.  Sure.

Im willing to bury the hatchet, said Cassie, hiding her true feelings behind a big smile.

The last thing she wanted was to be just friends.

Yeah, sort of like that  Suzie! yelled Cassie, wishing she would hurry the hell up.  Come on.

I could just stand here and look at her all day.

Major Thorr couldnt help thinking, How could this beautiful, charming woman be the same person as the obnoxious drunk that made such a poor first impression?

Hello, she said to Julia.  Youre here?

I finally found it, said Suzie, returning from the bedroom and handing Cassie her purse.  Im sorry it took so long.

You talk to Julia for a minute, she said, handing the communicator to her.

Cassie started digging around in her purse and found her powder and lipstick.  Oh, good, she said, closing her bag.  Theyre still in there.

Cassie, she wants to talk to you, said Suzie, handing the communicator back to her.

Bye, she said, signing off.

Then, theyre going to have a party at the palace in his honor.

Julia is going to Knight him.

And Julia said if we want to see the play, we can use her personal balcony booth.

Suzie could whip his ass, said Cassie.

So, would you like to go with them, Major?

You could take a date, Cassie asked, fishing to see if the Major would take her girlfriend.

Julia and I are not friendly, to put it mildly, answered the Major.

I wont tell her youre going, if you wanna go.

Shell never know unless Suzie tells her, teased Cassie.

Brianna, you could invite that friend of yours - whats her name - that works at the gym?

Ill ask her if shed like to go as soon as she gets off work.

So her girlfriends name is Sonya, thought Cassie.

I dont know what she sees in that big Aryan-looking dike.

Cassie, you arent seriously thinking about moving back to the palace with Julia, are you? asked Suzie, giving Cassie her look of disapproval.  I know what goes on over there.

Briannas ears perked up, anxiously awaiting Cassies answer to that question - all the while, looking at her freshly manicured nails, trying to look disinterested.

I dont know - maybe, said Cassie, looking for a reaction from the Major, but not getting one.

Im on my way, Sweetie, yelled Cassie, heading for the door.  Bye, you guys, she said, as she left for the landing bay, escorted by Jason.

Hed been living it up at the palace, ever since that night the Major was drugged and Cassie helped her home.

Since he was so involved with a couple of women he had picked up, and Cassie was involved with Julia, Cassie decided to question him about his possible involvement in the bet, some other time.

Cassie was so horny; she couldnt wait to have sex with Julia.

But neither of them was the one she truly wanted.

She wanted Major Thorr.

Vanita and Brianna were seated at the dining room table, as Suzie stood behind Brianna, trimming her hair.

Youre all done, said Suzie, as she brushed the loose hair from Briannas face.

Brianna said, picking up a hand-held mirror from the table and admiring her haircut.  Thank you, Suzie.

Youre welcome, said Suzie, as she removed a towel and barbers cape from around Briannas shoulders.  Brianna, I really believe Cassies still interested in you.

Oh, really? said Brianna, as her face lit up.

Then she became serious, trying to cover her feelings - relieved that Suzie and Vanita didnt catch her reaction, as she covered her face with the mirror.

What makes you think I would want to take her away from Julia? responded Brianna.

I saw the way you and Cassie looked at each other the other day when she came over here to get her purse.

You  with Julia? asked Suzie, raising her eyebrows  totally confused.

Vanita stopped putting on her mascara.  Say what?

You and Julia had a thing going on? she asked Brianna, as her mouth dropped open - stunned by the very idea.

I didnt mean that the way it came out, said Brianna, trying unsuccessfully to retract her statement.

Suzie? said Brianna, looking her in eyes but getting no response.  Suzie, do I have your word?

Suzie, I am not interested in Cassidy! said Brianna, raising her voice.  And I dont want to discuss this any further!  Who am I trying to convince, really - Suzie, or myself?

Yes, she is, agreed Brianna.

I could never trust her  or to hold onto her.

Then I found out that she was sleeping with Julia, too.

And she was also involved in all kinds of trysts at the palace on Tyre - behind my back, obviously.

Did you break up with her? Suzie asked.

I confronted her about it one day, out in the landing bay as she and her squadron prepared to go on maneuvers.

She begged me to forgive her, told me that she loved me, and swore that it would never happen again.

I wanted to forgive her, but my pride wouldnt let me.

We had a terrible fight before she lifted off.

I told her we were through, she said, as tears welled up in her eyes.  Her squadron was attacked by a band of mercenaries, as they explored a remote planet.

Thats all in the past, said Brianna, wiping a tear from her eye.  Sonya and I are dating now.

Were almost ready, said Suzie.  Guess we better get our party dresses on, she said to Vanita and Brianna.

Sonya will be joining me at my quarters soon, said Brianna. I gotta get going, too, said Vanita, as she and Brianna got up from the table and headed out.

She wished that Cassidy were there with her instead of Sonya. * * * You sorry sack-a-shit!

You mean to tell me that youre the one that drugged the Major - and left me holding the bag while you lived it up at the palace! Cassie yelled at Charlie, as they headed back to Star Base aboard one of Julias shuttles.

Charlie kicked back in his seat, put his feet up, and said.  Hey.

I dont need any help from you to get laid! yelled Cassie, as she got up from her seat, walked over to the bar, and poured herself a glass of champagne.

Well, at least you finally got some - and now you can just move on, he said, adjusting his seat  really getting comfortable.

All I did was help her home.

The next morning, she threatened to have me arrested for sexual assault - and for drugging her.

Oh, Baby - youre really slipping, said Charlie, as he cracked up laughing.

Well, I think you should take a look at this, said Cassie, as she pulled a copy of The Apology ad out of her carry-on bag and threw it at him.

Well, I think you should take a look at this, said Cassie, as she pulled a copy of The Apology ad out of her carry-on bag and threw it at him.

Fuck! yelled Charlie, abruptly bringing his seat to an upright position.  Are you trying to get us killed? he yelled, as he read the ad.

Dont include me in any more of your gambling schemes, said Cassie, sitting back down in her seat and sipping her champagne.

We may not live long enough to do any more gambling schemes, he said, nervously, and then took his flask of Scotch out of his jacket pocket and took a big swig.  Why didnt you tell me about this before we left Tyre?

Charlie was met by a hoard of angry gamblers, as he entered Bobus.

He was forced to refund all the bets that were made regarding the Major.

However, he was able to appease the gambling crowd with his latest scheme, betting on American football from Earth.

Around 9:00 p.m., as Charlie and Cassie headed for their gig at The Officers Club, he turned to her and said, Your apology to the Ice Princess cost me a lot of Lucre.

Around 9:00 p.m., as Charlie and Cassie headed for their gig at The Officers Club, he turned to her and said, Your apology to the Ice Princess cost me a lot of Lucre.

Major Thorr is just a tease!

I had her all ready for you, Baby.

Why didnt you just sleep with her and get her out of your system?

Sighing and shaking her head, Cassie said, Because I dont drug women and take advantage of them!

And she has a quality that you dont understand.

As she approached the observation deck she heard the sound of live saxophone music off in the distance  coming from the deepest, darkest depths of the landing bay.

Ive got to go check that out, she thought, as she sneaked past a sleeping security guard and entered the restricted area of the landing bay.

Cassie followed the sound of the music until she walked up behind a man, who was standing in the shadows of a fleet of Kobra fighter spacecrafts, getting down on some serious blues.

Cassie thought she vaguely recognized the silhouette of the tall, dark figure playing the saxophone.

Cassie? said a startled Captain Thibodeaux, as he abruptly stopped playing his sax.  This is a restricted area.

Oh, I was just fooling around, he said, feeling self-conscious.  What are you doing out here this time of night - or morning, I guess I should say?

I couldnt sleep, she answered, as they stood virtually in the dark, with only a faint hint of starlight surrounding them.  So I thought Id take a walk and unwind.

You should tell her.

Me and my brothers played some street gigs in Jackson Square when I was a kid growing up in New Orleans.

Jason was falling in love with Vanita; he wanted to impress her in any way he could.

Jason was falling in love with Vanita; he wanted to impress her in any way he could.

Maybe we could surprise her, suggested Cassie.  Come on.

As soon as the band started their last set, Major Thorr entered the club  alone - and joined Jason and Ryan at their table.

Through the whole set, Cassie and the Major exchanged glances.

While Cassie sang and played her guitar, Major Thorrs eyes were glued to her - totally spellbound.

You go ahead, Cassie answered, as she put her guitar in its case.  I think Ill just hang out here with Suzie and Vanita - if you guys dont mind a third wheel? she said to them.

Ill be right out, she said to Suzie and Vanita, as they headed out to join Ryan and Jason.  What, Charlie? she said, turning to him.

Ill be right out, she said to Suzie and Vanita, as they headed out to join Ryan and Jason.  What, Charlie? she said, turning to him.

I dont have to do anything, she said, pulling away from him.

I dont have to do anything, she said, pulling away from him.

Youre making a big mistake, he said, sighing - totally frustrated by the situation.  Dont throw away the best thing that ever happened to you to go chasing after the Ice Princess!

Go on out there and let that tease make a fool out of you, he said, shaking his head as he headed out of the backstage area for the landing bay.  Im outta here!  Damn it!

As Cassie entered the club from backstage, Sonya approached the table and began talking to Major Thorr.

Then the Major got up from the table and accompanied Sonya to the bar.

She was just waiting on her girlfriend, Cassie thought, feeling like she had been punched in the gut.

I thought I was picking up a vibe of interest from the Major.

She is just a tease, thought Cassie, as she went running into the landing bay.  Hey, Charlie!

Wait up! Cassie yelled, as she barely got his attention before he boarded the shuttle.  Wait up!

Wait up! Cassie yelled, as she barely got his attention before he boarded the shuttle.  Wait up!

Thats my girl, said a relieved Charlie, hugging her, as they boarded the shuttle.  Party on! * * * Meanwhile, back at The Officers Club, Sonya and Major Thorr were having a private conversation at the bar.

Then Sonya left the bar, obviously upset, and the Major headed back to the table.

Waiter! yelled Vanita, waving him down.  We need a round of drinks over here.

The waiter, uniformed in a white tuxedo shirt, black tie, slacks, and shoes, smiled and nodded at Vanita, as he made his way to the table.  Good evening.

What can I get for you? he asked, putting his drink tray under his arm and preparing to write down the drink order.

Thatll work for starters, answered Vanita. What do you want, Baby, she asked, turning to Jason.

Jason finished his beer and set the empty mug on the table.  Ill just have another beer, he answered.

And for you, sir? asked the waiter, turning to Ryan.

No, answered Brianna, looking at the empty seat on the other side of her - and around the bar, wondering where Cassie was.

Suzie, wheres Cassie? asked Vanita.  I thought she was going to hang out with us tonight.

I havent seen her, answered Ryan.

Well, I guess Cassie went to the palace with Charlie, after all, said Suzie, rolling her eyes, flashing her look of disapproval while looking around the bar for her.  Oh, heres the wine, she said, as the waiter approached the table and started serving the drinks.

I hope you dont mind, she said, turning to the group, Im a little tired.

I dont know why I was foolish enough to think I could spend an evening with Cassidy, thought Brianna, as she walked home from The Officers Club.

It didnt make sense that the Major and Ryan could make it, but not Jason.

Any time Vanita, Suzie, Ryan, or the Major would walk up on Jason and Cassie, they would stop talking.

Cassie was on the drums, backing Jason, as he played sax to recorded music tracks when Major Thorr walked into The Officers Club and caught them in the act.

Dont you think hes ready, Major? asked Cassie.

Im impressed, she answered.  However, your secrecy has caused Vanita some doubts about your relationship, Jason - and yours and hers too, Cassidy.

Jason put his saxophone in its case and said, nervously, I dont know if I can pull this off, Cassie.

Butterflies never killed anybody, laughed Cassie, as she got up from the drums and turned off the musical equipment.  Im going to my quarters to take a nap.

As Cassie walked out of The Officers Club and headed for her quarters, Vanita rounded the corner, running right into her.

Vanita grabbed Cassie, by her shoulders, and pushed her up against the wall, in the hallway, in a jealous rage.

What the hells going on between you and Jason? asked Vanita, wrapping a hand around Cassies throat, choking her.

Were just friends! said Cassie, gasping for air - trying in vain to pry Vanitas hand from her throat.

Jason and the Major were at the exit of The Officers Club, about to walk out, when they overheard the confrontation.

About that time, Vanita slung Cassie to the floor and sat on her.  Brianna blows you off so you decide to go after my man, huh? she yelled, as she drew back a fist about to hit her.

I swear, Vanita, said Cassie, trying desperately to get away from her.  Me and Jason are just friends.

The Major ran up behind Vanita, grabbed her clenched fist with one hand, wrapped her other arm around Vanitas waist, and pulled her off of Cassie.  Vanita, no!

Say, what? said Vanita, rendered helpless as the Major set her down a couple of feet from Cassie.

Damn that girls strong, thought Vanita, staring at her in amazement.

Cassidy has just been using Jason as a liaison - lobbying to convince me to go out with her, said the Major, grasping for something to say to resolve the situation.  I have finally accepted a date with Cassidy.

That sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.  Cassie, she said, turning to her, putting her hands on her hips and giving her a head roll, You could have told me that!

Well, I dont know where she got that idea, said Brianna, noticing that Jason had entered the hallway, from The Officers Club, and was approaching them.  I think, maybe, Suzie misunderstood, she said, trying to not look Jasons way as he snuck up behind Vanita.

Well, I dont know where she got that idea, said Brianna, noticing that Jason had entered the hallway, from The Officers Club, and was approaching them.  I think, maybe, Suzie misunderstood, she said, trying to not look Jasons way as he snuck up behind Vanita.

As quiet and quick as a cat, Jason wrapped his arms around Vanitas waist and yelled, Boo!

Ooooh! yelled Vanita, almost jumping out of her skin - pulling away from him, as he cracked up laughing.  Jason, you almost gave me a heart attack.

Ooooh! yelled Vanita, almost jumping out of her skin - pulling away from him, as he cracked up laughing.  Jason, you almost gave me a heart attack.

Im sorry, he said, laughing and putting an arm around her.  You about ready to go eat lunch?

Im sorry, he said, laughing and putting an arm around her.  You about ready to go eat lunch?

I cant, today, answered Major Thorr.  I have some calibration issues, at the Control Center, I need to address.

As Vanita and Jason headed towards the cafeteria, the Major turned to Cassie and said, Well, I guess Ill see you, tonight.

As the Major turned and headed for the Control Center, Cassie called out to her, Hey, Major!

Yes, she responded, turning around and looking into Cassies big brown eyes.

Cassie and Major Thorr both wanted the date to be real, but neither of them had expressed that to the other.

Jason was a nervous wreck, hiding backstage, as he waited to go on.

When the group broke into a classic soul song called Respect, sung by Vanita, Captain Jason Thibodeaux appeared on stage and started jamming to the shock of everyone but Cassie and the Major.

When the song ended, Jason took Vanitas microphone from the stand, got down on one knee, and pulled an engagement ring out of his pocket.  Will you marry me? he asked.

Vanitas mouth dropped open, and her eyes got as big as saucers.  Yes! she answered, wiping tears of joy from her eyes, as she set her bass aside.

The crowd cheered wildly, as Jason stood up, put the ring on Vanitas finger, and gave her a big kiss.

Major Thorr had champagne waiting as the group and the happy couple gathered around the table.

Jason had confided in her earlier that day that he was going to pop the question.

Jason had confided in her earlier that day that he was going to pop the question.

Major Thorr had confided in him that her date with Cassie was real - as far as she was concerned.

Congratulations, you guys, said Suzie, as she hugged Vanita and Jason.  This is so exciting!

Charlie approached the table and hugged Vanita.  Jason, youre a lucky man, he said, reaching out to shake Jasons hand.

Congratulations, old man, said Ryan, slapping Jason on the back and shaking his hand.

Charlie! said Suzie, giving him one of her looks.

Charlie! said Suzie, giving him one of her looks.

Jason ordered more champagne, as he and Vanita, Ryan and Suzie, and Cassie and the Major sat down at the table.

Jason entertained the group with the whole story of how Cassie caught him playing his sax, out in the landing bay, all the way through rehearsals, and the earlier confrontation between Cassie and Vanita that nearly ruined the surprise.

When the Major reached out and brushed a strand of Cassies hair out of her eyes, Charlie was concerned that it was a real date - and not a one made-up.

Cassie and the Major thought it was a real date, too.

Cassie cant be on a date with Major Thorr tonight, thought Charlie.

Julia said she might be available tonight.

Vanita got up, walked around the table, and hugged Cassie.  Im sorry, Cassie she said.

Then she whispered in Cassies ear, Ive never been in love like this before.

Vanita motioned towards the Major and said, She saved your life this morning.

I know, said Cassie, smiling at Major Thorr.  I already thanked her for the save.

About that time, Charlies communicator beeped.  Excuse me, he said, as he got up from the table to take the communication in private.  Hey, Julia.

Sure Ill tell her...

Julias on her way.

Cassie, can I talk to you for a minute? asked Charlie, as he approached her, motioning for her to come away from the table.

Cassie, can I talk to you for a minute? asked Charlie, as he approached her, motioning for her to come away from the table.

Shes coming on one of her shuttles to pick us up.

Well, call and tell her not to waste a trip.

Were not married! snapped Cassie, as she turned around and headed back to the table.

Then he spotted Sonya, drinking alone at the bar.

He was desperate and he had a plan.

Hows it going? asked Charlie, as he sat down on the barstool next to her.

Hows it going? asked Charlie, as he sat down on the barstool next to her.

I have a plan that will send Major Thorr running back to your bed.

Im listening, said Sonya, setting her drink on the bar.

All right, she said, taking paper and a pencil from Charlie and copying the note, as instructed.

Drink up, girls, said Charlie, as he approached the table.  Its show time.  Im so horny I cant wait to get to the palace tonight, he thought, heading for the stage.

Ill save the next roll in the hay for you, Major Thorr said to Cassie - just as Cassie took a big swig of champagne.

Cassie was so surprised by the Majors statement, she choked on her drink.

Major Thorr had been led to believe - by Cassie - that that Earthling expression meant the next dance.  Vanita, Suzie, and Ryan looked at each other in amazement - not knowing what to think about the Majors statement.

It was all Jason could do just to keep a straight face as he laughed under his breath.

Cassidy, are you all right, asked Major Thorr, patting her on the back.

It just went down the wrong hole, she answered, finally regaining her composure.  Lets rock, said Cassie, as she and Vanita and Suzie left to take the stage.

When the group ended their last song, a waitress, who had been tipped handsomely by Charlie, approached the table and handed Major Thorr a note.

Major Thorr,

As Cassie came off the stage to rejoin the Major and the celebration, the same waitress handed her a note, which read:

Sonya has been understanding and accommodating about our date.  However, she will be joining me soon.

Major Thorr

Sonya approached the table and asked Major Thorr to dance.

Angered by the sight of Sonya and the Major dancing, Cassie grabbed Julia and laid a long and passionate kiss on her.

After seeing the kiss, the Major became more angry than hurt, and left the bar with Sonya.

Now Cassie was convinced that Charlie was absolutely right about Major Thorr.

Cassie was so through with her.

That night, the Major spent the night with Sonya while Cassie, Julia, and Charlie went back to the palace on Tyre for wild night of sex, booze, and drugs.

Cassie was Vanitas maid of honor, and Major Thorr stood up for Jason.

Cassie and Major Thorr were dressed in black after-five party dresses.

Jason was dressed in his formal military uniform.

Cassie and the Major took turns staring, and looking away from each other during the entire ceremony.

Vanita had to nudge Cassie with her elbow when it was time to hand her Jasons wedding band.

Cassie wasnt paying attention to anything but how pretty Major Thorr looked.

Sonya accompanied Major Thorr.

Neither Julia, nor Sonya, could help but notice the glances that were exchanged between Cassie and the Major.

After the ceremony, Julia kept Cassie occupied for the rest of the evening - to insure that no more glances would be exchanged between Cassie and the Major.

This is their day, Dear, Ryan said to Suzie, shaking his head no, while flashing a sheepish grin.

I should have waited a day or two to spring this on her, he thought.

I should have waited a day or two to spring this on her, he thought.

Ryan asked me to marry him last night, said Suzie, and I said yes.  Then Suzie pulled her engagement ring out of her purse and put in on, as everyone cheered and congratulated her and Ryan.

Ryan asked me to marry him last night, said Suzie, and I said yes.  Then Suzie pulled her engagement ring out of her purse and put in on, as everyone cheered and congratulated her and Ryan.

Well, I dont know anything about this Cinderella, but I can assure you that her wedding will pale in comparison to the wedding Ill throw for you and Dr. Gerard.

Cassie was Suzies maid-of-honor and Vanita was her bridesmaid.

Major Thorr was to stand up for Ryan, Jason was to be a groomsman, and Charlie was to give Suzie away.

Julia took great pleasure in flaunting her relationship with Cassie in front of Major Thorr.

We overslept, Julia said, smiling smugly at Major Thorr.

Then she wrapped her arms around Cassies neck, kissed her bye, and headed out to tend to the business of running the planet Tyre.

This was Suzies last ditch effort to push them together.  Any problem with that? she asked, directing the question to Cassie and Brianna.

Cassie and Charlie were spending so much time visiting at the palace, these days, they were practically living there  Charlie in his suite, Cassie with Julia.

Briannas gown was the same pattern, but was black with white trim, so she would blend with Ryan and Jason.

Charlie, dressed in a black tux and white tie, escorted Suzie down the aisle and gave her away.

No matter what their differences, Charlie was the one who had brought her to Star Base where she had found true happiness.

Bebo, escorted by Bobu, looked especially ravishing in his red party dress and smart dinner pumps.

Cassie looked over at Major Thorr, nervously.

Save the last dance for me, Julia said to Cassie, as she threw her arms around Cassies neck, kissed her, and let her go.

Eat your heart out, Major Thorr.

The Major didnt say a word.

Major, would you like to lead? asked Cassie.

No.  Youre the musician, answered the Major.

Cassie took the Major in her arms and dipped her.

I wont let go, said Cassie, pulling her up.

Cassie and Brianna had only danced a few steps when Cassie let go of Briannas hand, wrapped her arms around her waist, and pulled her close.

Brianna threw her arms around Cassies neck.

Cassie ran her hand up Briannas back slowly.

Brianna closed her eyes, sighed deeply, and nuzzled Cassies ear with her face, while running her fingers through Cassies hair.

Cassie was leaning in, about to kiss a willing Major Thorr, when Julia, accompanied by a concert promoter, abruptly pulled Cassie away.

Julia stepped in-between Cassie and the Major.  Cassie, this is Rita.

Julia and Cassie look mad, said Vanita, as she and Suzie and Brianna watched the confrontation from a distance.

From what I saw out on that dance floor, I was about to suggest that you and Cassie get a room, said Vanita, smiling and shaking her head.

As the evening progressed, Charlie was a mastermind at keeping Cassie and Major Thorr apart.

A crowd of women gathered as Suzie prepared to throw her bouquet.

However, Suzie ignored the crowd of eager young women, standing in front of her, and threw the bouquet to a surprised and unprepared Brianna, who was standing away from the crowd talking to Jason and Vanita about taking the next shuttle back to Star Base.

Vanita spotted Cassie, at the bar, grabbing another glass of champagne and went after her.  Are you dense, on drugs, or both? asked Vanita.

Vanita, said Jason, as he approached Vanita and Cassie, We need to get going, if were going to catch the next shuttle back to Star Base.

Turning to Cassie she said, Girlfriend, if you dont go after her, youre gonna regret it.  Cause I think youre in love with her, too.  Then Vanita and Jason headed for the landing bay to catch the next shuttle.

About that time, Julia approached Cassie with a good-looking, young brunette that she had picked up to join her and Cassie in bed that night.

She let go of the young woman and pulled Cassie aside for a private conversation.  What the hell is going on between you and Major Thorr?

But Im going to Star Base to find out, answered Cassie, as she turned and walked away from Julia - heading for the landing bay.

You get back here! Julia yelled after her.  Cassie!

Dont get involved with her!

Shes a monogamous ball and chain!  I cant let Major Thorr get her hooks into Cassie.

Julia sent a pushy tabloid reporter to intercept Cassie before she could reach the landing bay.

The reporter managed to delay Cassie, just long enough, to make her miss the shuttle that Brianna, Vanita, and Jason were on.

She assumed that Cassie would just come back and join the party, since she had missed the shuttle.

When she didnt find her there, she headed for the Majors quarters.

Cassie stood outside Major Thorrs quarters, trying to get up the nerve to engage her door sensor, for a couple of minutes.

So Cassie retired to her quarters to do the same, since it had been a long day.

Cassie was familiar with the Majors morning routine, so she got up early the next morning, put on her workout attire, and headed for the Star Base gym, knowing that she would most likely run into her.

And just like clockwork, as Cassie approached the gym entrance, Major Thorr was exiting, dressed in full uniform, ready to report for duty.

Good morning, Major, said Cassie, startling the Major - who seemed distant and deep in thought.

Youre back from the wedding sort of early this morning, arent you? the Major asked, a bit surprised to see Cassie.

Oh, I see, said the Major, rather coldly.

Apparently, you were just using me to make Julia jealous, the Major thought.

Ill never admit to having any feelings for her.

Her feelings for me are probably just physical, while mine for her are much more.    I dont have time to stand around here, discussing your delusions.

I have a base to run, she said, turning her back on Cassie and walking away.

I wont let you just walk away! she said, running after her and grabbing her by the arm a second time.  All Im asking is for you to just be honest with me - and with yourself.

Let go of me! yelled the Major, glaring at her.

The Major just looked at Cassie indifferently, not responding.

Stay in control, she thought, fighting her feelings  wanting to tell Cassie how she really felt, yet afraid to.

OK, fine, Cassie said, releasing her.  I thought you were worth fighting for.

Cassie walked over to the Major and took her in her arms.

Up until then, Cassie and the Major hadnt noticed that there was anyone else around.

Feeling a bit self-conscious, the Major pulled back.

No, answered the Major, glancing quickly at the gawking crowd, and then turning her attention back to Cassie.

I dont care what anyone thinks, she thought, as she initiated more passionate kisses.

But - no, she answered.

What? asked Cassie, with a confused look on her face.  Do you have other plans?

Oh, OK, said Cassie, relieved that she didnt already have a date with Sonya.  We can go anywhere you want.

Come to my quarters for dinner, around seven, said the Major.

I have to report for duty, now, she said, giving Cassie one more kiss and reluctantly pulling away from her.  See you at seven.

See you then, said Cassie, watching her walk away.

Man, if looks could kill, I wouldnt live long enough for my date with the Major tonight.

She ordered champagne and a dozen long-stemmed, red roses for the Major.

She was sitting at the bar drinking a glass of red wine and visiting with Bebo, when Charlie entered and sat down on the barstool next to her.

It is to her.

But youre the constant in her life.

Bobu poured Charlie a beer from the tap, set it on the bar in front of him, and said, Here you go, Charlie.

Thanks, man, said Charlie, as Bobu proceeded to the other end of the bar to take a drink order.  Cassie, he said, turning to her, Its not Julias nature to be monogamous.

Thanks, man, said Charlie, as Bobu proceeded to the other end of the bar to take a drink order.  Cassie, he said, turning to her, Its not Julias nature to be monogamous.

But she wants you to be her constant.

You get yourself involved with her, and the next thing you know - boom!

I gotta go take a nap and get ready for my date tonight, said Cassie, getting up from her barstool.  Bebo.

Cassies already involved with her.

Ive got to do something, or the Ice Princess is gonna ruin everything, thought Charlie.  I need a Scotch on the rocks over here! he yelled at Bobu, who was talking to customers at the other end of the bar.

Coming right up, said Bobu, as he approached Charlie and poured him a drink.  Here you go, he said, setting Charlies drink on the bar in front of him.  Im ready for some action, he said, rubbing his furry hands together with a glint in his beady Roden eyes.  You got the line on the games for this Sunday?

You got any dirt on Major Thorr?

Cassie has a date with the Major, tonight.

So, I need you to tell Cassie something that will put the Major in a bad light.

Let me think about this for a minute, Bobu said, stroking his whiskers - deep in thought.  Oh!

Some gross, vile mating ritual, he said, as he became excited and started to drool.

That sounds good, said Charlie, handing Bobu a hand full of Lucre for his drinks.  I gotta go.

Consider it done! Bobu said with a smile, as he counted the Lucre.

Be subtle, or Cassie will get suspicious, said Charlie, downing his drink and getting up from his barstool.

* * * At 6:30, Cassie entered Bobus to pick up her order.

She didnt want to take any chances on being late for her date with Major Thorr.

Cassie was so nervous, she decided to have a drink to lighten up.  Bobu, Ill have a glass of red wine, she said, as she took a seat at the bar.

Here you go, he said, pouring her a glass of wine.

Here you go, he said, pouring her a glass of wine.

Thanks, said Cassie, taking a sip of her wine.  You got the roses I ordered?

Man, are you nervous, or what? he said laughing and shaking his head.  But I dont blame you, though.

Major Thorr was in here earlier buying wine too.

That means she plans to get you drunk and seduce you.

As Cassie leaned over the bar, cautiously, he whispered.  Right before the Thorrian takes you to bed, shell eat menara.

Isnt candles and eating menara part of the mating ritual? asked Bobu, as he opened the cash register and made change.

Why, yes, Dear, said Bebo, smiling and making eyes at Bobu.  Cassie, he said, turning to her.  The mating ritual is a beautiful thing.

Why, yes, Dear, said Bebo, smiling and making eyes at Bobu.  Cassie, he said, turning to her.  The mating ritual is a beautiful thing.

Hey! Bobu interrupted, abruptly - cutting Bebo off in mid-sentence and handing him the Lucre.  Dont just stand there!

Dont keep them waiting! he yelled, waving his arms frantically, shooing Bebo from the bar.

Well, how rude! yelled Bebo, giving Bobu a dirty look and stomping away from the bar.  Ask me a question and dont even let me get two words past my whiskers, before Im just dismissed! he muttered, under his breath, adjusting his bra and slip, as he hurriedly went to give the customers their change.

Oh, no, thought Cassie, as she took a big sip of wine.

Cassie had wanted to be with the Major for so long.

She wouldnt trust Bobu as far as she could throw him.

She wouldnt trust Bobu as far as she could throw him.

You have fun tonight, he said, as he laid the roses and champagne on the bar in front of her.

You have fun tonight, he said, as he laid the roses and champagne on the bar in front of her.

Cassie arrived at Major Thorrs quarters at about 6:55 p.m.

Then she decided that live monkey brains was a little more than she could stomach and turned and walked away  headed for the observation deck to think about it.

Cassie didnt want to believe the story that Bobu had told her.

So at about 7:15 p.m., she went back to the Majors quarters to find out.

Inside her quarters, Major Thorr was beginning to wonder if shed been stood up.

Cassie was late and the Major was afraid that Cassie might have had second thoughts and gone back to Julia.

I dont have your communicator number  These are for you, Cassie said, handing her the roses and the bottle of champagne, as she entered the Majors quarters.

Well, I dont see a live monkey, or a cage, or anything like that, so far, she thought.

Would you like a glass of red wine? the Major called out from the kitchen.

That sounds good, answered Cassie, taking a quick look around the room - behind the sofa and chairs, hoping and praying she wouldnt find a live monkey.

A few minutes later, the Major entered the living room and set a large vase, containing the roses, on the coffee table.

Then she exited and returned with the wine.

Come and sit with me, said the Major, taking a seat on the sofa and setting her glass of wine on the coffee table in front of her.

Cassie walked over to the sofa, set her wine on the coffee table, and sat down next to her.

Cassie put her arms around the Major, pulled her down on the sofa on top of her, and kissed her passionately.

Im sorry, said the Major, in between kisses.  Ive got to get dinner out of the oven or it will burn.

Thats OK, said Cassie, as she let her up.

I hope you like meat, she said, as she went running to the kitchen.

Cassidy, would you open the champagne? the Major called out from the kitchen.  Its in an ice bucket in the dining room.

As Cassie entered the dining room and popped the cork on the chilling champagne, she was thinking how good everything smelled and how hungry she was.

She had been so nervous and excited about the date, she had forgotten to eat lunch.

Then Major Thorr exited to get salad and bread.

Cassies imagination ran wild, as she took a seat at the table, staring anxiously at the Majors covered plate.

So far, she hadnt seen any signs of a live monkey.

Cassie feared that maybe the Major had already killed the monkey and just had its head on the covered plate.

About that time, the Major returned from the kitchen with a basket of hot, toasted, garlic bread and a salad for Cassie.

She removed the cover from Cassies plate and motioned for her to begin eating.

What is it? asked Cassie, as the Major sat down at the table and joined her.

Yeah, answered Cassie, ready to dive into her plate.

However, the suspense surrounding what was under the cover of the Majors plate suppressed her hunger, making her too queasy and apprehensive to begin eating.

Cassie could hardly bear to look, as the Major reached to remove the cover from her plate.

Cassie covered her eyes with her left hand, not wanting to see if there was a monkeys head on the Majors plate.

She watched, horrified by the possibilities, through her partially parted fingers, as the cover came off.

With a sigh of relief, Cassie removed her hand from her face.

Is something wrong? asked Major Thorr, wondering why Cassie was acting so strangely.

Oh, thank God, Cassie muttered under her breath.

Have I done something to offend you? asked the Major, staring at her curiously.

The what? asked the Major, raising an eyebrow, shaking her head - completely drawing a blank.

Major Thorr burst into hysterical laughter.

She was wiping tears from her eyes she was laughing so hard.  And a woman of the universe, like yourself, believed a story like that?

Im going to get him for this, thought Cassie.

I bet Charlie put him up to feeding me that line of bullshit.

Cassie was so embarrassed, she didnt know whether to crawl under the table and die, or just leave.  Well, you think this is funny?

The Major cracked up laughing, again, upon hearing that statement.  Im sorry.

Im not laughing at you, she said, trying to regain her composure.  But that story is just so unbelievable...

Bread? she asked, picking up the basket of hot, garlic bread and handing it to Cassie, trying to change the subject.

Cassie and the Major helped each other get undressed and into bed.

Finally, the Major pulled a Thorrian Pleasure 3000 out from underneath her pillow.

Would you like a cigarette, Major?

I dont smoke, she answered, as they both lay on their backs, staring at the ceiling, trying to catch their breath  unable to move.

No, she answered, laughing.  Theres no such thing as a Thorrian mating ritual  I was about to ask you if the spirit thing was something you Earthlings do.

Cassidy? said the Major, pulling back - stopping the kissing.

And you seemed happy to see her, to say the least.

I recognize his handwriting - the son-of-a-bitch!

I recognize his handwriting - the son-of-a-bitch!

I dont want you to leave, answered the Major, snuggling next to her.  Could you join me for lunch tomorrow in the cafeteria, around noon, and bring it with you?

Youd know her handwriting - wouldnt you?

At first, he was afraid that if I didnt keep her happy wed get sent back to Earth.

At first, he was afraid that if I didnt keep her happy wed get sent back to Earth.

But now I think hes just afraid that if I dont go with him to the palace every single time Julia invites us, that she might stop inviting him.

But now I think hes just afraid that if I dont go with him to the palace every single time Julia invites us, that she might stop inviting him.

Major, would you go out with me sometime?

I dont see how anyone could consider me and her a relationship.

She asked me to marry her, and I turned her down.

I dont return her feelings.

If she married that dike, I dont think Id be able to breathe.

Well, she asked me what was going on between you and me.

I told her I didnt know, but I was going back to Star Base to find out.

How did she respond?

Major, do you have to go to work in the morning?

But I think Major is a cute name for you, teased Cassie, kissing her neck.

After a while, the Major got up and put out the candles.

Cassie and Major Thorr spent most of the night talking and kissing.

When they woke up the next the morning, the Major initiated foreplay - opting for love making instead of her usual workout at the gym.

When they were satisfied, she got up and went to take a shower.

The Major was rinsing berry-scented shampoo from her hair, when Cassie stepped into the shower and joined her - pleasantly surprising her.

Cassie took the Major in her arms, pulled her close, and kissed her, as the water rushed over their beautiful, naked bodies.

Cassie reached behind her, took a bar of soap from the rack, and washed the Majors back, while kissing her neck.

Turn around, Cassie whispered in her ear, as the Major followed her instructions.

Cassie approached her from behind, wrapped her arms around her waist, and proceeded to lather up the Majors breasts while kissing her back, right between her shoulder blades * * * Around noon, Cassie and Vanita were sitting at a table in the Star Base Cafeteria, discussing new songs for The Rockets upcoming tour.

Hey, Baby, said Vanita, as Jason set his lunch tray on the table, kissed her hello, and sat down next to her.  Hey, Brianna.

Hey, Baby, said Vanita, as Jason set his lunch tray on the table, kissed her hello, and sat down next to her.  Hey, Brianna.

Brianna set her lunch tray on the table, sat down next to Cassie, and kissed Cassie hello.

Brianna was marking her territory.

She wanted rumors to spread, especially to Julia, that she and Cassie were seeing each other.  Cassidy and I are she replied, searching for the right words, while looking to Cassie for help with an explanation.

After lunch, Cassie and the Major met in the hallway so Cassie could show her the note.

Ill take care of this, said the Major, taking the note from Cassie.

See you then, she said and kissed her bye.

At about 5:50 p.m., Cassie spotted Charlie entering Bobus, as she was leaving her quarters for her dinner date.

Major Thorr didnt know what to expect, but agreed to accompany Cassie to Bobus.

A few minutes later, Cassie and the Major entered Bobus.

Bobu was standing behind the bar, talking to Charlie  as Charlie sat on his favorite barstool drinking a Scotch on the rocks.

Hey, Cassie, said Charlie, unable to hide the look of disappointment at seeing the two women together.  Major Thorr.

Hello, responded the Major.

Major, Im not due for an inspection for another three weeks, Bobu said, nervously, as he poured the ice-cold beers from the tap.

Im not here in an official capacity, she answered.

Well, OK, then Bobu said to the Major, somewhat relieved.  Here you go, Cassie, he said, setting the ice-cold beers on the bar.

Bobu was even more disappointed than Charlie, realizing that his story about the live monkey brains apparently didnt work, and that he wouldnt be getting any extra Lucre from Charlie, either.

From the look on Bobus face - with his droopy, beady eyes and the sagging whisker - you would have thought the family pet had died.

All right, said Cassie, as she let go of the Majors hand.  Those beers look really cold.

Thanks, Bobu, she said, picking up both beers.

Then she threw one beer in Charlies face and the other in Bobus face - simultaneously drenching them both.

Now its ruined! yelled Charlie, as he grabbed a handful of napkins and tried to soak up some of the beer that was dripping off of his face, hair, and designer shirt.

Cassie set the empty mugs on the bar, took the Major by the hand, and led her away from the bar.

Bobu grabbed a couple of towels, tossed one to Charlie, and hurriedly tried to sop up as much beer as he could from the bar.  Hey! he yelled - his whiskers dripping with beer, Cassie!

As Cassie and the Major reached the exit of Bobus, Cassie turned and said, Charlies buying your beer and his is on the house.

As Cassie and the Major reached the exit of Bobus, Cassie turned and said, Charlies buying your beer and his is on the house.

As they headed for The Officers Club for dinner, Cassie said, Id really like to buy Sonya a beer, too, Major.

Where is she?

That wont be necessary, said the Major, as they boarded the people mover.  Ive already taken care of that matter.

All I had to do was hand her the note shed written.

Nice touch, Major.

During the next week and a half, Cassie and the Major spent every night alone together in the Majors quarters.

Finally, Major Thorr invited Jason and Vanita to join her and Cassie for dinner and dancing at The Officers Club.

Around 7:00 p.m. at the Officers Club, Vanita and Jason and Cassie and the Major were seated at a table next to the observation window, overlooking the outside entrance of the landing bay.

She put an arm around Cassie, looked on with her at her menu, and said, Do you know what you want?

Yeah, answered Cassie, as she raised her menu, covering both of their faces from Jason and Vanitas view as they sat across from them.

Cassie kissed Major Thorr, and was about to pull away, when the menu was suddenly ripped from her hands.

I think youve gone far enough with this little charade, Julia said to Cassie, glaring at Major Thorr and slamming the menu down on the table.  Charlie explained that youre just trying to make me jealous.

I didnt tell him any such thing.

Shes just been using you, Major Thorr, Julia said, turning to the Major.  So you can take your hands off of her.

Cassie could see that the Major was getting angry and was about to blow her top.

So Cassie reached out and touched the Majors arm, signaling her that she would deal with Julia.  Dont tell her what to do, Julia.

Why else would you be here with her? asked Julia, giving Major Thorr a dirty look - which was instantly returned.

Youre not welcome, here! snapped Major Thorr, completely losing her temper and wanting to get up and wring Julias neck.

Well, consider this a business meeting - at the bar this instant! yelled Julia, as she turned and headed towards the bar.  Now! she yelled at Cassie, when she didnt move quickly enough to suit her.

Major Thorr was livid.

If I dont go over there and talk to her, shell just come right back over here.

Excuse me, while I get rid of her, she said, leaving the table to join Julia at the bar.

Theres no way Ill be able to hear them from way over here, she thought.

Vanita, sit down, said Jason, grabbing her by the hand - not wanting his wife to be so obviously nosy.

Vanita, sit down, said Jason, grabbing her by the hand - not wanting his wife to be so obviously nosy.

Yes, I do, answered the Major, her eyes glued to the heated discussion between Cassie and Julia, over at the bar.

I think we should let them settle this on their own, said Jason, getting up from his seat and helping Vanita back into hers.

Why havent you returned my communications? asked Julia, as she and Cassie stood at the bar.  I left you three messages here today.

You know, I know how to please you, said Julia, as she put her arms around Cassies neck, trying to kiss her.

Cassie removed Julias arms from around her neck.  I was detained, she said, throwing one of Julias lines right back in her face.

Back at the table, Jason had to physically restrain the Major from going after Julia for slapping Cassie.

Brianna, you cant go over there and attack the Czar of Tyre, said Jason, standing between her and the bar.  The Republic would consider it a major political incident.

Vanita motioned frantically at a waiter, who was serving a nearby table, to get out of the way because he was blocking her view of the bar.

Vanita motioned frantically at a waiter, who was serving a nearby table, to get out of the way because he was blocking her view of the bar.

Cassies on her way back to the table.

I cant wait to find out what Cassie said to her.

So she took Cassie by the hand and led her to the bar next door for a slow dance, where they could talk without anyone else being able to hear their conversation.

Are you all right? asked the Major, as they took the dance floor.

Im fine, answered Cassie, holding her tight as they began a slow dance.

Why did she hit you?

She left me messages here today and I didnt return her communications.

I told her I was busy.  That really made her mad.

What else did she say to you?

She demanded that I stop seeing you - like she owns me, or something.

Charlie will tell her anything she wants to hear.

I think she really believes Im just using you to make her jealous.

The Major brought the slow dance to an abrupt stop.  Are you?

Cassidy, I need to know where I stand with you, said the Major, pulling back from her - searching her eyes for reassurance.

Its you, said Cassie, calling the Major by her name for the first time.

She only hears what she wants to hear.

Tell her that you love her  No, its too soon.

Brianna wrapped her arms around Cassies neck and pulled her close.

I love her so much.

She better not be lying to me about staying away from Julia, she thought, as they stood kissing and embracing on the dance floor.

Lets go eat, said Cassie, taking Brianna by the hand and heading back to the restaurant side of The Officers Club.  I cant wait to see the look on Suzies face, when she gets back from her honeymoon and finds out that were living together.

Brianna was up and dressed, in jeans and boots and a sweater, getting ready to move Cassies things into her quarters.

I hope Im not rushing Cassidy into this, Brianna thought.  Cassidy, she called out from the kitchen, are you about ready?

Im on my way, Cassie answered, as she approached the kitchen from the Majors bedroom.

She was dressed in jeans and a sweater, barefoot, and carrying her shoes as she entered the kitchen.

I just need to put my shoes on, and Ill be ready to go, she said, as she set her shoes on the floor.

You know - what Id really like, right now, is some sugar, she said, taking Brianna in her arms and laying a good morning kiss on her.

Yes, I would, Cassie answered, kissing her again.

Coffee and sugar are all I need, right now - lots and lots of sugar, she said, helping herself to more of Briannas kisses.

OK, said Cassie, reluctantly releasing her.

As Cassie bent down and put her shoes on, Brianna gathered a couple of coffee cups and served herself and Cassie a freshly brewed cup of mocha-flavored coffee.

Here you are, said Brianna, motioning towards a cup on the kitchen counter, for Cassie, as she picked up her coffee and took a sip.

Cassie picked up her cup of coffee.  Thanks.

This really smells good, she said, taking a big sip of coffee.

Cassie got a horrified look on her face, rushed over to the kitchen sink, and spit out her coffee.

Whats wrong? asked Brianna, rushing to her aid - patting her on the back, thinking that she might be choking.

How much sugar did you put in this? asked Cassie, as she rinsed her mouth out with water.  I drink my coffee black.

She was laughing so hard, she had to hang onto the sink for a moment - trying to regain her composure.

Brianna said, staring curiously at her, I dont understand.

Let me make it perfectly clear what sugar is, she said, taking Brianna in her arms and kissing her.

Dont we need a cart or something to haul everything? Cassie asked, as she and Brianna exited the people mover and headed for her quarters.

Thats what these are for, said Brianna, motioning to the tiny electronic buttons she held in her hand.

Hi, Major, he said, as he stepped outside the entrance of the bar - his nose and whiskers glistening amidst a big smile.

Hello, Bebo, replied Brianna, smiling back at him.

What are you girls up to this fine Sunday morning? he asked.

I cant wait for that bitch, Julia, to hear the news, she thought, with a sly grin on her face.

We will, Cassie said to Bebo, as she and Brianna headed for her quarters.  Later, Bebo.

When they arrived at Cassies quarters, Cassie entered her code and opened the door.

Once inside, it took the Major about ten minutes to clip the electronic buttons on all of Cassies things.

Then she pulled a small, hand-held computerized device from a pocket of her jeans, punched in coordinates, and everything disappeared.

Cassie looked around her quarters, in amazement, at the empty closet and drawers.  Whered everything go? she asked.

Its perfectly safe, said Brianna, clipping electronic buttons on Cassie and herself.  Anyway, Im famished, she said, punching in coordinates on her hand-held device.

* * * Wow! said Cassie, feeling a bit tingly, as she and Brianna reappeared at The Officers Club entrance.  That was awesome, Brianna.

We couldve clipped one of those buttons on Julia and launched her out to the landing bay.

I would have launched her into space  to the far outer realm, Brianna said, as she and Cassie entered the restaurant side of The Officers Club.

Yeah, answered Cassie, looking around the room and noticing the three-piece jazz band that was playing.  Down front - close to the band, she said, pointing towards a couple of empty tables next to the stage.

Right this way, Major, Ms. Jones, said the waiter, as he showed them to a table right next to the stage.

Cassies curiosity got the best of her, thinking that Brianna might be pulling her leg.

As she reached out to touch one of the band members, her hand went right through him.  Holy shit!

As she reached out to touch one of the band members, her hand went right through him.  Holy shit!

You werent kidding, said Cassie, as she continued to look all around the band members, as the song they were supposedly playing continued on.  They look so real.

Brianna laughed, as she took a seat at the table.  I tried to warn you.  She turned to the waiter and said, Well have a bottle of your best champagne.

Coming right up, responded the waiter, as he laid their menus on the table and headed to the bar to get the champagne.

It could be important, she said, getting up and heading for the entryway.

As Brianna reached her entryway, the door sensor sounded again - causing her to hurriedly open her door, thinking it might be an emergency situation.

Hi, Brianna, said Suzie, as she entered and gave her a big hug.  Were back early.

Ryan and I thought it would be nice to spend the last two days of our honeymoon at home  before he has to go back to work.

Ive missed you, she said, not letting Brianna get a word in edge-wise, as she barged right into the living room.  Cassie? said a stunned Suzie, startled by her presence.  What are you doing here?

I live here, she answered, getting up from the sofa.  Arent you supposed to be on your honeymoon?

And we were taking a nap, on the sofa, until we were rudely interrupted by the door sensor, she said with a grin, enjoying the stunned look on her sisters face.

Cassidy, please dont tease your sister, said Brianna, trying not to laugh.

Oh, this is wonderful! said Suzie, unable to curb her enthusiasm.  I knew it!

Im so happy for you, she said, as she reached out and gathered Brianna and Cassie in a group hug.

When did this happen, Brianna? asked Suzie, motioning at her and Cassie.

Cassie had asked Brianna to go with her, but Colonel Smith had scheduled a meeting on Star Base, at the same time, that Brianna, Jason, and Ryan were required to attend.

Charlie stuck his head out of the shuttle doorway and waved, trying to get the girls attention.  Hey!

Were gonna be late! he yelled, as the girls said their lingering good-byes to Ryan, Jason, and Brianna, respectively.

Then she gave Ryan a big hug and a good-bye kiss.

See you tomorrow, Baby, Vanita said to Jason, as she and Suzie headed to board the shuttle.

Charlie was impatient, as he stood on the boarding platform of the shuttle.

And the parties are always better when Julia is in a good mood, he thought.

Ill miss you, said Brianna, holding her close.

Brianna was concerned about the situation, because she knew Julia would be at the concert that night.

And it would also be the first night that she and Cassie had spent apart, since they had been together.

I gotta go, before Charlie yells so much he cant sing tonight.

I dont mean to act like the jealous lover.  Julia better not lay a hand on her, she thought.

Maybe you can arrange to work from home tomorrow? said Cassie, taking her by the hand and pulling her close.

Im coming! Cassie yelled back at him.  Ill see you tomorrow, Brianna.  Then Cassie kissed Brianna bye and headed for the shuttle.

Here comes trouble, said Vanita, as she and Cassie and Suzie noticed that Julia was coming their way.

Its show time, girls the stage manager said, as he popped his head around the backstage curtain.

He turned and spotted Charlie, at the entrance on the other side of the stage, making out with his date for the evening.  Hey, Charlie! he said, getting his attention.  Its show time.

I cant wait to get this hot piece of ass in bed tonight, he thought, as he winked at his date and headed to take the stage.

You just need to come back to the palace with me, after the concert - let a real woman take care of you, Julia said, slurring badly, as she threw her arms around Cassies neck and tried to kiss her.  Ive got us a couple of girls lined up for tonight.

Its time for us to go on, Cassie said, trying to break free of her.

Hi, Julia, said Suzie, thinking she might be able to help Cassie by distracting Julia with a conversation.  Hows it going.

Then she grabbed Suzie by the arm and headed for the stage.  Dont get involved in that, she said to Suzie, pulling her along.

Youre holding up the show! she said, giving Cassie an out from the uncomfortable situation.

Im right behind you, Cassie said to Vanita, as she finally broke free of Julia.

Even in her drunken state, she was frightened by the mob scene that was unfolding outside the backstage exit.

Rocko and three members of the Tyrian Secret Guard immediately rushed to her side, circling her like a shield, as one of them frantically made arrangements on his communicator to remove the Czar and The Rockets from the extremely dangerous situation.

Rocko and three members of the Tyrian Secret Guard immediately rushed to her side, circling her like a shield, as one of them frantically made arrangements on his communicator to remove the Czar and The Rockets from the extremely dangerous situation.

Hes got a gun! she yelled, as she jumped in-between the man and her sister - grabbing the gun, making him point it in another direction.

Hes got a gun! she yelled, as she jumped in-between the man and her sister - grabbing the gun, making him point it in another direction.

Then the fan turned on Cassie, trying to shoot her.

He would have succeeded if Vanita hadnt jumped in and helped her, because he was much too strong for Cassie to hold off by herself for long.

He would have succeeded if Vanita hadnt jumped in and helped her, because he was much too strong for Cassie to hold off by herself for long.

Charlie was completely unaware of the situation, as he stood a few yards away, talking to his date and another young woman he had picked up to join them for the evening.

A couple of shots were fired in the air, getting his attention.

HELP! screamed Vanita, as she and Cassie continued to struggle with the gunman.

What the fuck, said Charlie, finally noticing the struggle, as he quickly ran to help Cassie and Vanita - picking up a folding chair and hitting the fan in the back of the head, knocking him out cold.

Yeah, I think so, Cassie answered, her hands shaking noticeably.

Everythings fine now, Cassie said, walking over and putting an arm around her - trying to calm her down.

Suzie pulled away from Cassie, covered her face with her hands, and started to cry, hysterically.

Hey, everythings under control, said Charlie, as he reached out and hugged Suzie.  Its OK, now.

Everybodys OK, he said, holding Suzie as she continued to cry.

Everybodys OK, he said, holding Suzie as she continued to cry.

About that time, Rocko approached the group and Charlies dates.  Come with me, said the hybrid clone to the group, as he hurriedly escorted them to a stairway that led to the roof of the concert hall.

Cassie and Vanita tried to calm her down - but with no success.

So, Julia gave Suzie some Valium - one to take then, and a whole bottle of the pills to take with her.

Suzie was put to bed in her and Vanitas old suite.

Against the wishes of Cassie and Vanita, Julia allowed reporters into her private suite for interviews about the gunman and the riot outside the concert hall.

That goes double for me, said Vanita.  I need a drink, she said, getting up from the sofa and heading for the bar area.

Ive already told you everything I know about the incident backstage with the gunman, said Charlie, as the reporters hailed him the hero.  Anyone tries to hurt one of my girls - its over my dead body, he said, playing the hero part to the hilt.  If youll excuse me, I have plans for the evening, he said, as he got up from the sofa and headed for his suite, where his dates were waiting for him.

At the precise moment, Julia leaned over the sofa, threw her arms around Cassies neck, and kissed her on the cheek - just as the camera flashed.

Cassie pulled away from her, but it was too late.

She pushed Cassie back onto the sofa, catching her off balance.

As Cassie fell back down on the sofa, Julia quickly sat in Cassies lap and planted a kiss on her - just in time for the next camera shot.

Julia, knock it off! said Cassie, pushing her away and getting up from the sofa.  No more pictures! she said, glaring angrily at the photographer.

That will be all, Julia said to the reporters.  Show them out, ordered the Czar to one of her soldiers.

Cassie better not leave me here, alone, to deal with Suzies freaked out ass, thought Vanita, as she drank a glass of champagne and watched the confrontation between Julia and Cassie.

Suzie, what are you doing up? asked Cassie.  Lets get you back to bed, she said, walking over to her sister and taking her by the arm.

Me, too, girlfriend, said Vanita, grabbing a bottle of champagne to take with them, as she and Cassie and Suzie headed towards the exit of Julias suite.

Its nice to see you again.  Then the young woman walked over to Julia, put her arms around her, and started kissing her neck.

Major Thorr had been on night watch and had just stopped by the cafeteria for a quick breakfast.

On her way out, she picked up a tabloid magazine that lying on one of the tables, to read The Rockets concert reviews.

However, the magazine she picked up was turned to a page showing a picture of Cassie and Julia kissing, from the night before at the palace.

She slept with Julia! she thought.

She went to the palace on Tyre, after she promised me she wouldnt, and she slept with Julia!

How could I be so blind as to trust her?

When Cassie found her exiting the cafeteria, she approached her - expecting a welcome home kiss.

Brianna wouldnt even speak to her.

When Cassie saw the picture of her and Julia, she understood why.

I can explain, said Cassie, as she ran after her.  Brianna!

About that time, Sergeant Ortiz approached Cassie - stopping her.  Come with me, said the security officer, taking Cassie by the arm and escorting her in the opposite direction.

Ortiz, I really need to speak to the Major, right now, Cassie said, as he took her away.  Where are you taking me?

Bebo approached Cassie, as Ortiz led her into the bar.  Cassie, I know you wouldnt have anything to do with something like this, he said.  This just gets my panties in a wad!

Bebo approached Cassie, as Ortiz led her into the bar.  Cassie, I know you wouldnt have anything to do with something like this, he said.  This just gets my panties in a wad!

Thanks, Bebo, said Cassie, as cameras flashed all around her.

What? he said, acknowledging the dirty look he was getting from Bebo.  Well, it is good for business!

Thats all you care about! said Bebo, as he adjusted his halter-top, while waiting on his drink order.  Youll never convince me that The Rockets had anything to do with that counterfeit ticket scam.

Lets have a little order here, said Ortiz to the buzzing crowd, as they noticed Cassie had arrived.  Out of the way, he said, pushing his way through the throngs of people - escorting Cassie to a seat at an interview table.

As soon as Cassie sat down at the interview table, she looked up and Vanita took a seat next to her.  Jason called and let me know what was going on down here, she whispered to Cassie.  I thought you could use some backup.

As the Major entered, Jason looked up from the article.  Major, have you seen this!? he asked, motioning towards the article.

And I dont want to talk about it! she answered curtly, as she approached them - pretending to go about her duties, checking various readings on the control panel.

Theyre lucky they werent killed! yelled Ryan, not understanding her indifference.

Yeah - that does it, Major! yelled Jason.  Youve got to arrange the schedule, so at least one of us accompanies the girls on all of their concerts, from now on, or we hire a bodyguard to go with them!

Ryan, what do you mean theyre lucky they werent killed? asked the Major.

I thought you said youd seen this? said Ryan, picking up the article from the console and handing it to her.

The Major quickly read the article, which was turned to the front page, detailing the ticket scam, the riot, and the gunman.

She felt as if her heart skipped a beat, as she looked at a picture of Cassie and Vanita, taken by a security camera, trying to fight off the angry fan with the gun.  Oh, my God, she said, sighing and closing her eyes.

When Suzie got home this morning, she was still so shaken from the whole ordeal, I had to sedate her and put her to bed, said Ryan.

The Major laid the article back down on the console and said, I had only seen the pictures of Cassidy and Julia

Vanita said that Julia and a tabloid reporter staged those pictures - just for your benefit, I suppose, Major, said Jason.

The Major turned and ran for the exit of the Control Center.  Ive got to go find Cassidy.

She and Vanita are at Bobus - for a press conference, Jason yelled after her.

So she transferred herself, not being in any mood to wait.

But Ms. Jones, what about the hundreds of fans that bought tickets to your concert and didnt get in? asked a reporter.

You go find the asshole that gave you the anonymous tip - and I bet youll find out whos really behind this.  She pushed her chair back, stood up, and said.  Im outta here.

Ill be along in a minute, she whispered to Vanita.  Ive got to think of some way to make this right with the fans.

Well, OK, Vanita whispered back to her.  But dont you stay here much longer.

One reporter dared to fire one last, redundant question at Vanita, as she headed for the exit of Bobus.

Vanita turned around, gave the reporter a go-to-hell look, shot him the finger, and left.

As Vanita walked down the hallway, Brianna appeared out of thin air, transferring in.  Shit, Brianna! said Vanita, almost jumping out of her skin - her heart racing.  Dont scare me like that!

I had only seen the pictures of her and Julia in the tabloid

You get some rest, said Brianna, as Vanita headed home.  Well, I think Ill just give Julia a taste of her own medicine, thought Brianna.

As the Major entered Bobus and approached the group of reporters that surrounded Cassie, military personnel that were just there to gawk scattered and went back to work.

Reporters were firing questions at Cassie, as Major Thorr stood quietly behind her, listening to the interview.

And she doesnt want to reward rioters with free concert tickets.

Im damned if I do - and damned if I dont.  Ive had about enough of this shit, thought Cassie, as she pushed her chair back - about to stand up and leave.

Ms. Jones, are you and the Czar still lovers? asked another reporter.

No, theyre not! said Major Thorr, answering for her.

Brianna? said Cassie, turning around - finally noticing that the Major was standing right behind her.

About that time, one of the reporters took a picture of Cassie and the Major.

I jumped to the wrong conclusion, Brianna whispered in Cassies ear, as she wrapped her arms around Cassies neck and kissed her on the cheek.

Brianna had a message she wanted to send to Julia - and what better way than through Julias tabloid assassins?

She ran her fingers through Cassies hair and kissed her neck.

She walked around in front of Cassie and climbed onto her lap, facing her.

Im sending youre ex a message, whispered Brianna, as she continued to kiss Cassie.

Brianna stood up, took Cassie by the hand, and led her out of Bobus.

Once outside of the bar, Brianna transferred herself and Cassie back to her quarters.

I should have given you the benefit of the doubt, said Brianna, as she lay in Cassies arms after making love.

I wanted Julia to know that her ploy with the pictures didnt work - that were still together.

The Colonel is on his way to Star Command, to attend meetings for the next few days.

I have no doubt - Ill get, at the very least, a verbal reprimand when he returns.

She pretended that she wanted to order a drink, just to get Bobu to wait on her.

When he approached her, she grabbed him by his tie and choked him to the point he couldnt speak - his beady little eyes bulging - his whiskers quivering.

When he approached her, she grabbed him by his tie and choked him to the point he couldnt speak - his beady little eyes bulging - his whiskers quivering.

Im on to you and Charlie, said the Major.  I have no doubts that youre behind the counterfeit ticket sales.

And as soon as I can prove it, you and Charlie are going to jail, she said, finally letting him go.

And as soon as I can prove it, you and Charlie are going to jail, she said, finally letting him go.

Bobu coughed and gasped for air.  Since when are you concerned about security matters? he asked.

Yeah, answered Bobu, straightening his tie.

Well, consider yourself on mine, said the Major, as she gave him a dirty look and left the bar.

Bebo! yelled Bobu.  Im taking a break, he said, heading for his office.

OK, said Bebo, watching the Major leave, obviously angry, and wondering what was going on.

Its me, said Bobu, over his communicator.  Major Thorr was just down here.

Its me, said Bobu, over his communicator.  Major Thorr was just down here.

Well take a table for six - down in front of the stage, said Cassie, as she and Brianna, Suzie and Ryan, and Vanita and Jason entered the restaurant side of The Officers Club.  Check out the three-piece jazz band, she said to Vanita and Suzie.

I think I will, said Vanita, as she got up and headed for stage.

Shhhh, said Cassie, waving at Suzie to keep her voice down.  Watch this.

Holy shit! screamed Vanita, as her hand ran through the bass players hand - trying to slip him a request and some Lucre.  Cassie Jones! she yelled, running away from the stage.  You bitch! she said, as she returned to the table.

Holy shit! screamed Vanita, as her hand ran through the bass players hand - trying to slip him a request and some Lucre.  Cassie Jones! she yelled, running away from the stage.  You bitch! she said, as she returned to the table.

What the hell is that, anyway? asked Vanita, as she sat back down at the table.

I need some water, or something, to take this Valium, she thought, holding a hidden pill in her hand.

I think everyones ready, said Ryan.  Waiter, he said, signaling him that the group was ready to order.

I need another glass of champagne, said Vanita, finishing off her glass and setting it back down on the table.  Wheres that waiter?

Ill get him, said Jason.  Waiter!

We need more champagne, over here, Jason said, waiving him down.

The headline read - The Major and Ms. Jones Got a Thing Going On!  The centerfold contained nothing but pictures of Brianna and Cassie, making out at the press conference.

There was more written about the love triangle among the Czar of Tyre, Cassie, and Major Thorr than about the ticket scam and rioting.

Yes, of course, said Brianna, as she sat down on the living room sofa and continued reading the tabloid article.

Brianna was pleased that the tabloid reporter had asked Julia about the status of her relationship with Cassie.

She was even more pleased, that the article went on to say that the Czar refused comment and seemed irritated that she was asked that question.

Everything will be fine, she said, wrapping her arms around Cassies waist and pulling her close. Lets just enjoy the rest of our Sunday.

You could come for a conjugal visit  with handcuffs, she said, winking at Cassie.

The group was packing their bags and getting ready to take a shuttle, when Colonel Smith arrived back on Star Base and summoned Major Thorr to his office.

The group was packing their bags and getting ready to take a shuttle, when Colonel Smith arrived back on Star Base and summoned Major Thorr to his office.

Atten-tion! he yelled, at first sight of her.

Atten-tion! he yelled, at first sight of her.

Colonel Smith, with article in hand, walked around in front of his desk and stood facing her.  Thanks to you, Major, I wont be able to sit down for a while.

Colonel Smith, with article in hand, walked around in front of his desk and stood facing her.  Thanks to you, Major, I wont be able to sit down for a while.

And do you know why, Major?

No, Sir, answered Major Thorr, standing at attention.

He didnt just chew my ass out, said Colonel Smith, getting in the Majors face, standing about an inch from her.  He chewed around it and it fell out!!! he yelled.  The Generals under the impression that Star Base has gone to hell in a hand basket, since those entertainers got here - counterfeit ticket sales  and now this tabloid article.

He didnt just chew my ass out, said Colonel Smith, getting in the Majors face, standing about an inch from her.  He chewed around it and it fell out!!! he yelled.  The Generals under the impression that Star Base has gone to hell in a hand basket, since those entertainers got here - counterfeit ticket sales  and now this tabloid article.

If he had his way, theyd be deported back to Earth on the next freighter.

And you, Major Thorr, my second in command, are too busy fanning the flames of your raging hormones to be concerned about how this affects the Republic! yelled Colonel Smith, as he waved the article in her face and began to pace.

Youre an attractive woman, Major, and there are any number of available young women for you to go after.

You take the Czars girlfriend away from her.

But, Sir.

And this is not the example were shooting for! he yelled, waiving the article in Major Thorrs face, again, and then throwing it on his desk.

Then the Colonel walked around his desk and sat down in his chair.  At ease.

Do you have anything to say for yourself, Major? he asked, giving her a cold stare.

No, Sir.

And how do you know that, Major?

Did she tell you so? he asked, sarcastically.

Did she tell you so? he asked, sarcastically.

Yes, sir.

Major, interrupted the Colonel, can we talk candidly for a moment?

Of course, sir.

Major, I not only consider you a colleague; I consider you a friend.

Thank you, sir.

Yes, sir.

But as your friend, I strongly advise you to distance yourself from that Jones girl.

No, Sir.

Youre dismissed. * * * Cassie, Suzie, and Vanita were waiting in Briannas quarters for her to get back from her meeting with the Colonel.

Brianna, howd it go, asked Cassie, as Brianna entered her living room.

Im suspended without pay for the next three days, she answered.  It could have been worse.  But the report and suspension will certainly have an impact on any future promotions, she thought.

Im sorry, Brianna, said Cassie, giving her a hug.

Its all right, said Brianna, as she pulled away from Cassie and started to pace.

So  How bad was it, Major? asked Jason.

I got a three-day suspension, she answered, looking her order over, once again.  But wait a minute, she said, scrutinizing the order.  It doesnt say that Im confined to quarters.

Look, Jason - where its supposed to be checked - its not, she said, showing him the order.

Look, Jason - where its supposed to be checked - its not, she said, showing him the order.

Looks like you got the Colonel on a technicality, Major, said Jason, looking on with her at the order.

Lets go before the Colonels secretary realizes her error.

* * * On the shuttle ride to Tyre, Charlie thought, Julias gonna be pissed that Major Thorr came with us.

Charlie - and his dates for the evening - were in the other.

Julia turned to the two young women and said, Excuse me for a moment.  She walked over to where Brianna, Ryan, and Jason were standing.  Major Thorr, dont get too attached to her, Julia said, pointing out onto the stage at Cassie.  Youll never be able to hold onto her.

Youre too inadequate in every way, she said, with a smirk, and turned to walk away.

Yes, she answered, turning around.

If Im inadequate, I wonder where that leaves you - considering the fact that Cassidy left your bed, and she cant stay out of mine, Brianna said with a smile.

Would you guys like another glass of champagne? asked Suzie, as she got up from the sofa she was sharing with Ryan.

I would, answered Vanita.  How bout you, Baby? she said to Jason, who was sitting next to her on another sofa.

I really need a Valium right now, she thought, as she tried to gather all the empty glasses.

Suzie, let me help you, said Vanita, as she got up, gathered hers and Jasons empty glasses, and followed Suzie to the bar area of the suite.

Me, too, said Vanita, as she set her champagne glasses on the counter of the bar.

Please be Julia, thought Suzie.  Ill get it, she said, setting the bottle of champagne on the counter of the bar.

Im completely out of Valium, and she promised shed get me some more.

I better go with you, said Jason, getting up from the sofa and accompanying Vanita to the door.  Let me get it, he said, taking his wife by the arm, stepping in front of her, and unlocking the door.

I better go with you, said Jason, getting up from the sofa and accompanying Vanita to the door.  Let me get it, he said, taking his wife by the arm, stepping in front of her, and unlocking the door.

As the door came open, there stood Julia.  Hello, everyone, she said, as she barged right into their suite.

Excellent performance, Julia said, as she walked around the counter of the bar, hugged Suzie, and slipped her the requested Valium - where no one else could see.

Suzie slipped the bag of pills into her jeans pocket and said, Thanks, Julia.

Thank you, Suzie, she answered, as Suzie grabbed a fresh glass, poured her some bubbly, and handed it to her.

I hope she doesnt stay long, thought Vanita, as Jason closed the door and they started back to the living area of the suite.

Suzie, wheres Cassie? asked Julia, as she finished her glass of champagne.

Shes gone to her room, Julia, answered Suzie.

Which room is Cassies? Julia asked.  I just want to congratulate her on her performance, and Ill be on my way.

Maybe you could congratulate her in the morning, Vanita suggested.

Julia looked around the suite.  That must be her room, she said, pointing to the only door of the three-bedroom suite that was closed.  Surely shes not asleep yet, said Julia.

Julia, I dont think thats a good idea, said Vanita, jumping up from the sofa and getting in-between Julia and Cassies bedroom.  Ill give Cassie your message in the morning, she said trying, unsuccessfully, to steer Julia out of their suite.

I cant wait, said Brianna, as she gazed into Cassies eyes - thinking how much she loved her.

Maybe this is finally the right time to tell Brianna that I love her, thought Cassie.

What the hell? said Cassie, as she looked up and saw Julia.

Well, hello Cassie, said Julia, staring at her beautiful naked body.

Well, theres no need to be rude, Major Thorr, said Julia.

I just came to congratulate you on a brilliant performance, Cassie, said Julia, completely ignoring Major Thorrs demands for her to leave.  Cassie, Im so proud of you.

Ive got a couple of new girls, Id like you to meet, she said, smiling and making eyes at her.  They are so hot for you.

That sounds like fun, Julia, said Cassie, smiling back at her.  You go ahead.

Brianna couldnt believe her ears, as she gave Cassie a cold stare, pulled away from her, and retreated to the other side of the hot tub.

Ill see you in a few minutes, said Julia, smiling smugly at Brianna, as she headed out.

I am so sorry, you guys, said Vanita.  I didnt have a chance to warn you, before she just came right in here.

Please, excuse me, she said - totally embarrassed, blushing and covering her eyes - trying not to look at their naked bodies.  Ill leave you two alone, now, said Vanita, heading out of the bathroom.

Will do, said Vanita, as she locked the door and closed it behind her.

What are you doing way over there? Cassie said to Brianna.  Come here, she said moving towards her.

Brianna retreated from Cassies advances  offended by the friendly exchange between her and Julia.  Dont you have a party to go to?

No, said Cassie, laughing.  I just told Julia what she wanted to here, to get rid of her.

I could tell she was wasted.

What was I supposed to do? - let you get out of the tub, in your birthday suit, and kick her ass.

Like youre not in enough trouble, as it is, said Cassie, wrapping her arms around Brianna and pulling her close.

I wouldve got rid of her - like I did, just now.

When she arrived, she joined Charlie at the bar and ordered a cup of coffee.

Hey Charlie, said Cassie, taking a seat next to him at the bar.

Charlie looked up from the tabloid he was reading, while sipping a beer, and said, Hey, Cassie.

Cassie pulled a list out of her jeans pocket.  Heres my suggestions for the new song list, she said, laying the list on the bar and taking a sip of her coffee.

Charlie set his beer and the tabloid on the bar.  Lets see what we got here, he said, picking up the song list.  I dont have a problem with these changes.

Thats a good idea, she said, continuing to sip her coffee.

Im gonna kill you! she yelled, slapping Charlie with the ad.

Whoa, whoa, whoa! said Charlie, cracking up laughing, as he yanked the ad out of her hand.  That ad is all you and Julias doing.

Whoa, whoa, whoa! said Charlie, cracking up laughing, as he yanked the ad out of her hand.  That ad is all you and Julias doing.

No - really! he said, setting the tabloid back down on the bar.  You and Julia planned that scam out in bed one night.

Now I remember, she thought.  Charlie, I cant go spend the night with some fan!

Well, no shit! she said, looking at the ad, again, realizing that the drawing was just three days away.  Charlie, I cant do this.

Well, I couldve told you that moving in with the Ice Princess was a really bad idea  but you didnt ask me. * * * Suzie, I need an extra suitcase, said Cassie, as she entered Ryans quarters with tabloid ad in hand.

Give me a minute to get one out of my closet, said Suzie, as she went to retrieve it.

Cassie walked into the living room and stared out the window at the stars, contemplating the inevitable, as she waited for Suzie to return with the suitcase.

Where are you and Brianna going? Suzie asked, as she entered the living room carrying a suitcase.

Havent you seen this? Cassie asked, handing her the ad.

And I wouldnt blame her!

Well, thank you very much, Sis, for stating the obvious, said Cassie, picking up the suitcase.  Thats why Im moving out, to save her the trouble.

Thanks for the suitcase. * * * Brianna came home, unexpectedly, to retrieve a report that she needed, and found Cassie in the bedroom packing a suitcase.  Cassidy, what are you doing? she asked.

Ive seen the ad about the raffle, said Brianna, setting the ad on her dresser.  So, where do you think youre going?

I cant think of a way out of this  I made a big mistake, not reading the contract before I signed it, she answered, as she unloaded a handful of her clothes out of a drawer and into a suitcase.  Ill just leave, now, and save you the trouble of throwing me out.

Youre not going anywhere, said Brianna, as she unloaded a handful of Cassies clothes out of the suitcase and back into the drawer.  I have my raffle ticket, she said, pulling a ticket out of a pocket of her uniform.  See, she said, showing it to Cassie and returning it to her pocket.  You just better hope I win, she said, smiling and winking at her.  Put the rest of your clothes back in the drawer.

Then she got an idea.

A few minutes later, Cassie entered Bobus and took a seat at the bar.  Hey, Bobu, she said.

Hey, Cassie, said Bobu, as he wiped down the bar with a towel.  Whatll you have?

Ill have a glass of red wine, she answered.

Here you go, he said, pouring her a glass and setting it on the bar.

Here you go, he said, pouring her a glass and setting it on the bar.

Im all ears, he said, smiling and making his furry ears wiggle.

Cassie got a panicked look on her face and asked, What do you mean theyre all gone?

Were all sold out  And might I say, he said, grinning a seedy Roden grin and stroking his whiskers, you must have some really hot stuff.

Sorry, were sold out, he said, as he started hanging up clean wineglasses in the rack over the bar.

What? he asked, stopping his task for a moment - leaning over the bar.

You son-of-a-bitch!

Illegal should be your middle name! Cassie said, raising her voice.

She quickly regained her composure, not wanting to draw the attention of the other bar patrons.

Then she said calmly, Sell me all the raffle tickets.

I have scruples, said Bobu, as he walked away from her to take a drink order at the other end of the bar.

I have scruples, said Bobu, as he walked away from her to take a drink order at the other end of the bar.

Cassie didnt know what she was going to do, now.

Some lucky woman was going to spend Saturday night, at the hotel of her choice, with Cassie Jones.

The drawing had been held that morning, so the winner could be notified  giving her some lead time to get there and claim her prize.

Wow!!! thought Cassie, as the beautiful, young woman headed her way, wearing a short skirt, three-inch heels, and a vest with no bra - showing lots of cleavage.

The woman gave Cassie a come take what you want look, as she approached her at the bar.

Brianna claimed her prize and headed for the landing bay.

She had a shuttle waiting, that she would fly herself, to take them to the hotel of her choice on Thorr.

* * * Do they have a casino in the hotel were staying at? Cassie asked, as Brianna strapped her into the co-pilot seat of the shuttle.

That wont be necessary, said Brianna, as she entered coordinates, set the flight plan in motion, and took off from Star Base.  Theres something I havent told you.

My name is not really Major Brianna Thorr.

Then why do you work as a Major on Star Base?

No, answered Brianna, smiling at her.

Brianna immediately turned on the automatic pilot, turned her seat around towards Cassie, and gave her undivided attention.  This should be good, she said.  I cant wait to hear it.

I had it all worked out with Bobu - that if you werent the winner - one of his cousins was going to shoot me with a scrambler.

Its just that your lack of respect for weapons is frightening! she said, staring out the cockpit window - shaking her head - not reassured.

Everything turned out OK, said Cassie, reaching out and taking her by the hand.

This time.  Poor judgment kills more people than anything, she thought.

Thats short for honey, she said, smiling at her.

Why do I let her play me so easily? thought Brianna, as she smiled back at her.  So, what Im wearing pleases you?

But Im not really dressed to go out anywhere, she said, referring to the jeans and sweater she was wearing.

Well, youre just full of surprises, she said, leaning over and kissing her.

How bout if I push your buttons? said Cassie, reaching out and massaging Briannas neck and running her fingers though her hair.

Hurry! said Brianna, as she pushed Cassie off of her and into the co-pilot seat.

She quickly strapped Cassie in and pulled a harness over her, so she couldnt move.

Then she did the same for herself, released the automatic pilot, and took back control of the shuttle.

Here it comes! she said, as a meteor hit the shuttle hard.

Unfortunately for Cassie, she had to turn the shuttle on its side, and even upside down, as she maneuvered her way through the meteors - revolving continuously - right side up - sideways - upside down.  Hold on!

Cassie dug her nails into the arms of the co-pilot seat, as the shuttle continued to revolve right side up, sideways, and upside down.  Shiiit! she screamed, starting to become nauseous.

Finally, the shuttle made it beyond the meteor shower and leveled out, allowing Brianna to turn the automatic pilot back on.  Are you all right? she asked, as she unbuckled her seat belt, removed her harness, and got up to check on Cassie.

Cassie had motion sickness so bad all she could do was moan.

Take this, said Brianna, as she returned.  Sip it slowly, she said, pouring the liquid down Cassies throat.

I think I just need to lay down.  Cassie was green; she was so sick.

You OK? Cassie asked, as she and Suzie and Vanita waited backstage to go on.

Suzie just looked past Cassie, with a glazed look in her eyes, and said, Yeah, Im fine.  The she excused herself to go to the bathroom, so she could take another Valium.

Something just aint quite right about that girl, Vanita said to Cassie, watching Suzie walk away.

Could she be on something?

Squeaky clean, Suzie? said Cassie, laughing and shaking her head.  Are you kidding me?

About that time, Charlie emerged from his dressing room and approached Vanita and Cassie.  Whatve you girls got your heads together about? he asked.

Oh, here she comes, said Vanita.

The Rockets, and the crowd at The Officers Club, were stunned and concerned, as Ryan jumped up onto the stage, picked Suzie up, and carried her to the Star Base Infirmary.

The results of Suzies blood work, indicates that she has a dependency on Valium, said Ryan.

Suzie?! said a shocked, Cassie.  Why would you give my sister Valium, Ryan?!

Well, where else would she get it?

Cassie got in Ryans face and said, You live with her - and youre a doctor, for crying out loud!

Well, apparently, she did a better job of concealing the problem from me than she did from you.

This isnt helping Suzie, said Brianna, taking Cassie by the hand and pulling her away from him.  Ryan, she said, turning to him.  Suzie has been distant ever since she got back from that concert - you know - the one with the gunman and counterfeit tickets...

This isnt helping Suzie, said Brianna, taking Cassie by the hand and pulling her away from him.  Ryan, she said, turning to him.  Suzie has been distant ever since she got back from that concert - you know - the one with the gunman and counterfeit tickets...

Julia gave Suzie a Valium that night at the palace - just to calm her down.

She mustve given her a stash to take home with her, too.

Suzies going through withdrawals, right now, he answered.  I plan to keep her here for a couple of days - for detox.

Suzies going through withdrawals, right now, he answered.  I plan to keep her here for a couple of days - for detox.

Shell have to do this on her own.

You can all see her when she goes home.

* * * Finally, after suffering through withdrawals from her Valium addiction, Suzie was her old self, again.

Brianna invited Suzie and Ryan and Vanita and Jason to join her and Cassie for dinner.

Brianna was seated on the floor across from them, separated by a coffee table, leaning up against a chair - with Cassie sitting on the floor next to her.

You guys should have seen Vanita, said Cassie, entertaining everyone with a story about the groups stowaway from Earth.  She was about to jump out of the freighter and go after a carry-on bag full of her shoes that Charlie had thrown out, she said, cracking everyone up laughing - with the exception of Vanita.

Vanita turned around, looked her husband straight in the eyes, and said, Jason!

Ive got a great story! she said, getting everyones attention.  One time, we were all going to the beach.

And Charlie was working the graveyard shift at NASA, so he was supposed to get off at six in the morning.

And when we got to Galveston, that morning, all Vanita had packed in her suitcase was shoes.

She was so afraid that we were gonna get arrested and put in jail - that I finally told her that Id just say I kidnapped her.

Your stowaway is an incredible story, said Ryan, laughing and shaking his head.

Brianna got up, refilled the wineglasses, and returned to her place on the floor next to Cassie.

Cassie immediately shot Suzie a dirty look and shook her head no.  Hey, Suzie.

Come on - dont bring that up, said Cassie, as she reached over and covered Briannas ears with her hands.

Tell me more, Suzie, said Brianna, removing Cassies hands from her ears.  Cassidy doesnt tell me anything about her past.

Cassie was getting uncomfortable with the direction of the conversation.  Suzie, thats enough, said Cassie, not being able to cover Briannas ears, due to her exceptional strength, as she held Cassies hands.

Several of her friends died from heroin overdoses.

No, said Suzie, not giving Cassie a chance to answer.  She left all her old boyfriends behind - that is, except for Charlie.

She brought him with her.

She brought him with her.

Sure, answered Suzie, holding out her empty glass.

Dont give her any more, said Cassie, as Brianna let go of Cassies hands and refilled Suzies glass, anyway.

Cassie thought she was the one when they first met.

The one she would marry.

Then Cassie just broke up with her.

Cassies been with you, now, about as long as she was with her, Brianna.

Its none of your business! she yelled at Suzie.  Maybe Im waiting for her to ask me, said Cassie, not wanting Brianna to feel pressured into marriage.

Suzie, its time for us to go home, said Ryan, as he gathered his drunk wife from the floor and headed for the door.  Thank you, Brianna, for a nice evening, he said, as they exited.

Weve got to get going, too, said Vanita, as she and Jason stood up to leave.  Thanks for dinner, Brianna.

Good-night, Cassie, said Jason, as he and Vanita headed out.

Oh, what now? thought Cassie, as she crawled out of bed and went to the door dressed in a nightshirt.

When Cassie opened the door, she was surprised to see her sister standing there.  Hey, Sis.

Im going back to bed, she said, taking Suzie by the arm - trying to escort her back out into the hallway.

The last thing I wanna do is run her off  especially, with a premature marriage proposal.

I thought Id just wait until she brought the subject up and let her ask me.

She cant ask you to marry her, because shes a princess.

I thought she was kidding about that.

Ryan noticed that she was really hurt, when you said you didnt know if you were gonna ask her to marry you.

And she took what you said like the relationship had gone as far as it was going.

No wonder she was about as affectionate as a rock last night.

She said she was tired, so I left her alone.

Ryan said - after last night, she probably thinks all you want is sex - and thats the only reason you told her you loved her.

He said shed probably break up with you today, if she hadnt already last night.

This is humiliating to her.

But youre my sister - and Briannas best friend.

I should be afraid to ask, said Cassie, grimacing and shaking her head.  But at this point, I dont have anything to lose - but the love of my life! she yelled, totally pissed off at Suzie.  So go ahead!

Youve got to ask Brianna to marry you, today - if you really love her.

I love her so much, I cant see straight.

But how the hell was I supposed to know she couldnt ask me to get married?

You shouldve talked to her, Cassie.

I tell her I love her and how pretty she is all the time.

Im sure she loves that.

But thats not really communicating with her.

You never tell her anything about yourself or your past.

Shes trying as hard as she can just to understand you - with all your slang, teasing, and profanity.

Weve got to take a shuttle to Tyre and get her an engagement earring.

Youve got to propose to her, today, or youre gonna lose her.

You do know that her ears are pierced and that she has an extra hole in her left earlobe?

Lets go. * * * Major Thorr was supposedly teaching a class on fighter pilot strategy to the cadets.

But instead of presenting the lesson she had prepared, she just gave them some busy work and sat at her desk pondering the inevitable.

Ive been made of fool of, she thought.

She just said she did, because she wanted sex.

And the sex was so good, and she loved her so much, it was going to be the hardest thing she had ever done to break up with her.

Cassie was going to ask Brianna out, as soon as she got home.

She was cold and distant, towards Cassie, as she stood in her living room drinking a glass of red wine and looking out her observation window at the stars.

Brianna, Id like to take you out to The Officers Club for dinner, tonight, said Cassie, as she entered Briannas living room.

Just make a clean break, she thought.

Just tell her its over - and please move out, immediately.

What if she says no because of everything Suzie told her?

Brianna couldnt believe her ears, as she turned around and looked at Cassie.  What did you say? She was stunned, beyond words, as she noticed the diamond stud earring that Cassie held in her hand.

Will you marry me? If she says no, Im gonna jump out an airlock, Cassie thought.

Brianna ran to Cassie and threw her arms around her, knocking her off balance and onto the sofa.

Then she gave her a big kiss.

Yes! she answered, kissing her again.  Yes.

Then this would be yours, Cassie said, handing her the diamond stud earring.

I love it, said Brianna, taking the earring from Cassie and admiring it.  Would you put this on me? she asked, handing it back to her.

Cassie took the diamond stud from Brianna and inserted it into the extra hole in her left earlobe.

The only thing that mattered to Brianna was that Cassie did propose to her.

But she surprised Cassie by wanting to go to Bobus, instead.

* * * Julia was pacing the floor, in the living room of her private suite, drinking a Scotch.

She was livid upon hearing the news of Cassies engagement to Major Thorr.  I appreciate you bringing me this news in person, Charlie, said Julia.

No problem, Julia, he said, as he poured himself a Scotch.

Charlie, there is no way in hell Im going to allow Major Thorr to brainwash Cassie into marrying her!

I thought Cassie would have that boring, monogamous major out of her system, by now - as long as shes been living with her.

I hear you, Julia, said Charlie, taking a sip of his Scotch and shaking his head.

Somebodys got to talk some sense into her.

Good morning, Brianna said to her fiance, as she turned off the alarm.

How bout I give you a workout, Cassie said, rolling Brianna over on her back, climbing on top of her, and initiating foreplay

A lot of dates have been added to make up for concerts we missed - you know, while Suzie was recovering from her little Valium trip.

Cassidy? said Brianna, as she stood in her bedroom, dressed in full uniform, ready to report for duty.

Yeah, Hon, Cassie called out from the bathroom, where she was putting the finishing touches on her makeup.

Im meeting Charlie at Bobus this morning, around eleven, for a meeting about the concert tour, said Cassie, as she entered the bedroom dressed in a designer bra and panties.

Then she put on a pair of black jeans and boots and a red, silk blouse.  Ill get my new itinerary this morning.

This is Major Thorr, Brianna said, engaging the communicator.

Well, who wants to see Bobu this early in the morning anyway? Cassie whispered in Briannas ear and then kissed her on the cheek.

I see your point, Brianna said, as she wrapped her arms around Cassies waist, pulled her close, and began kissing her neck.

I need to speak to you about the equipment, he answered.

Oooh, that tickles, Cassie said with a shiver, pulling her head back, as Brianna began kissing one of Cassies ears.  What about the equipment? she said to Bobu.

Dont tell me - tell Charlie said Cassie, as the kissing between her and Brianna became more intense.

Cassie said, as she and Brianna briefly came up for air in-between kisses, Bobu, you know damn good and well I dont set up equipment.

Are you drinking up all the profits down there - this early in the morning, or what? she joked.

He whispered to Bobu that he better convince Ms. Jones to come down there, or he and Charlie would be taken for a ride in space and wouldnt return.

What?! Cassie yelled at Bobu, as the kissing between her and Brianna came to an abrupt halt.  I brought two guitars, with me, from Earth.

If you would just come down here and check it out  I dont want to call security, or involve you, Major, if Im wrong.

Ill be right there, said Cassie, as she ended the communication.

Ill see you later, said Brianna, running her hands down the front of Cassies blouse - getting a good feel of her tits and then kissing her bye.

That sounds even better, said Brianna, kissing her once more, and leaving to attend her meeting.

I heard about your engagement, Major.

Congratulations, said Ensign Mark Scott, as the Major approached the control console.  Steve and I are so happy for you.

Thank you, Mark, she said, with a big smile.

He was mumbling something under his breath about the Czar and the treaty.

Thanks for the heads up, Mark, she said, as she proceeded in the direction of the conference room.

Major Thorr, Id like you to meet the newest member of our crew.

This is Lieutenant Mia Stone, he said, motioning towards the young woman.  She just took a lateral move, over here, from Star Command.

Welcome aboard, Lieutenant, said the Major.

Thanks, Major, said the Lieutenant.  I cant help but notice your engagement earring.

I heard, the Major responded.

So, whos the lucky girl? asked Lieutenant Stone.

The lucky girl?

Im marrying Cassidy Jones, the Major answered.

The Cassie Jones - of The Rockets - Cassie Jones? asked the Lieutenant, as her eyes lit up and her mouth dropped open.

Oh, I just love her  I mean - I just love their recordings, said the Lieutenant, trying to curb her enthusiasm.  I think shes just wonderful.

I think so, too, said the Major.

Ill introduce you to her.

She didnt see Bobu, anywhere, so she began taking an inventory of the equipment that was spread out on the stage.

Then, one of the men posing as a delivery person, snuck up behind her.  Here we go, he said, grabbing her and putting a chloroformed cloth over her face - knocking her out.

Then, one of the men posing as a delivery person, snuck up behind her.  Here we go, he said, grabbing her and putting a chloroformed cloth over her face - knocking her out.

So this is the rock star, Cassie Jones, Geldorf said to his assistant, Jon, and two of his male crewmen.

Yes, thats Cassie Jones - in the flesh, answered Jon, as they stood over Cassies unconscious body, as she lay on the floor of the control center.

Take it off of her, he ordered.  Carefully!

Take it off of her, he ordered.  Carefully!

Dont wrinkle it! he said, as the two crewmen started to remove Cassies blouse.

Here, let me help you, Jon said to the crewmen, as they held Cassie up in a sitting position, and he carefully unbuttoned her blouse and removed it.

Here, let me help you, Jon said to the crewmen, as they held Cassie up in a sitting position, and he carefully unbuttoned her blouse and removed it.

Oooh, my! squealed Geldorf, playfully biting his right palm.  Is that what I think it is?

Oooh - that bra is to die for! said Geldorf, elated at his find.  I want it too.

Take it off of her.

Geldorf took a wooded hanger from a nearby clothing rack and said, This is just wonderful!  He carefully placed the silk blouse on the hanger, draped the bra over it, and placed the hanger on the clothing rack.  Well, nobody wants to look at that, he said, as they stood over Cassie, staring down at her bare breasts.  Let me see, he said, rummaging through the clothing rack and pulling an old, long-sleeved, white shirt from it.  Here.

Geldorf took a wooded hanger from a nearby clothing rack and said, This is just wonderful!  He carefully placed the silk blouse on the hanger, draped the bra over it, and placed the hanger on the clothing rack.  Well, nobody wants to look at that, he said, as they stood over Cassie, staring down at her bare breasts.  Let me see, he said, rummaging through the clothing rack and pulling an old, long-sleeved, white shirt from it.  Here.

Put this on her. he said, handing the white shirt to one of his crewmen.

Put this on her. he said, handing the white shirt to one of his crewmen.

Major Thorr couldnt believer her eyes.

Major Thorr, would you like to take care of this situation? asked Colonel Smith.

My engagement and ridding the universe of that monster - it doesnt get any better than this, she thought.  Battle stations! she ordered, as everyone took their places on the Control Center.

Major.

Unbelievable - that he would have the nerve to come this close to Star Base.

By all means, Ensign Scott, put him through, said Major Thorr.  Captain.

By all means, Ensign Scott, put him through, said Major Thorr.  Captain.

Aye, Major, said Jason, as he set the laser coordinates and waited for her command.

The visual of Geldorf appeared on the communicator screen.  Major Thorr!

Girl, how the hell have you been? he asked, with a smug grin on his face.

Prepare to fire, Captain, ordered Major Thorr.  Youve got thirty seconds to live, Geldorf.

Its 10:00 a.m. - do you know where your rock star is? he answered, as he and his men laughed hysterically.

If you have a point, you better make it quick, said the Major, not amused, at all, by Geldorfs reference to her fiance.

Your lover, Cassie Jones  Well, I guess I should say fiance, Geldorf said, noticing her diamond stud engagement earring.  Very nice stone.

Whens the last time you saw her?

Was she wearing black jeans and boots and a red silk blouse? he taunted, arrogantly.

Was she wearing black jeans and boots and a red silk blouse? he taunted, arrogantly.

Major Thorrs mouth dropped open, as her heart lodged in her throat.

How could he possibly know what Cassidy was wearing this morning? she thought.

How could he possibly know what Cassidy was wearing this morning? she thought.

Aye, Major, answered Security Officer Ortiz.  Ill have an APB put out on her, too.

Who is Geldorf? Lieutenant Stone asked Ensign Scott, who was seated next to her at the controls.

Hes a masochistic drag queen, answered the Ensign.  He and his crew are mercenaries in this section of the universe.

He gets his kicks by torturing his victims.

I feel so sorry for the Major.

Its unlikely well be able to get Cassie back, alive, if he really has her.

Its unlikely well be able to get Cassie back, alive, if he really has her.

Major, said Ortiz, over the communicator.

Ortiz, did you find her? asked a frantic Major Thorr.

I found him and Charlie tied up in Bobus office.

Bobu says he was forced, with a scrambler to his head, to call Cassie this morning and lure her down here.

Bobu says he was forced, with a scrambler to his head, to call Cassie this morning and lure her down here.

Im sorry, Major.

The Major closed her eyes and sighed.

She was devastated and scared to death that she might never see her fiance again.

When she finally looked back up at the visual, a gloating Geldorf was smiling back at her.

Major Thorr didnt kill your lover, said Colonel Smith.  He was a war criminal killed in the heat of battle.

Remove the laser lock, Captain, ordered the Major, as Jason followed her order.

There - thats better, said Geldorf, as the laser lock was lifted.  Major, when we get through with your fiance - would you like her shipped back to you in an urn, a coffin, or a body bag? taunted Geldorf, as he sat down in his Captains chair and began filing his nails.

If you hurt her, Ill hunt you down - even if it takes the rest of my life! yelled Major Thorr.

How does it feel, Major?! yelled Geldorf.  Just wait till you wake up one morning, about a year from now, and shes still gone.

And it still hurts just as bad as the day you lost her.

Im going to kill you! screamed the Major, completely losing control.

Youre relieved of duty, Major.

I demand that you release her, at once.

OK, girl, if you insist, Geldorf said to Colonel Smith.  Take the United States citizen out to the landing bay and toss her out an air-lock.

You heard the Colonel, he said, as he and his crew laughed - knowing that they had the upper hand.

No! yelled Major Thorr.

Hes been known to do that to his victims, whispered Ensign Scott to the Lieutenant.

Let me take her place, pleaded Major Thorr.  You dont really want her.

You want me, she said, ignoring the Colonels order relieving her of duty.

Thats an interesting proposition, Major.

Ill think about it, said Geldorf, as he grabbed a blond wig, which was sitting atop a Styrofoam head, from a nearby table.

Then he began working on the wig with a rat-tailed comb and a can of hairspray.

No trading places! yelled Cassie, as she jumped into the picture.  Its a trap, Brianna.

Shes still alive, thought the Major.

She was immediately restrained by Geldorfs crewmen, who placed her wrists in shackles that hung from the ceiling, directly behind Geldorf.

Im going after her, said the Major.

The Colonel switched off the vocal communication from their side.  Youre not going anywhere, Major.

Major, Im willing to make a trade, said Geldorf.

The Colonel switched off their side of vocal communication again.  No deal, he said to the Major.  We dont make deals with war criminals.

What do you think youre doing, Major?

Well just stall until he gives in and releases her.

Well just stall until he gives in and releases her.

Heres the deal, said Geldorf.  Major Thorr will come, alone, on an unarmed freighter with the time machine.

Then Ill transfer the rock star to her.

The Colonel switched off the communication.  Major, thats suicide.

Colonel, I think all we need is a diversion, suggested Lieutenant Stone.  Then Major Thorr could transfer onto Geldorfs ship  and then transfer herself and Cassie, off.

That would distract Geldorf and his crew, so the Major could transfer on.

That would distract Geldorf and his crew, so the Major could transfer on.

Then the Major could transfer herself and Cassie off.

That could work, said the Major.

But if Geldorf figures out theres no time machine before the Major and Ms. Jones transfer off, then he kills both women.

But, Sir, its worth a try, the Major said to the Colonel, in pure desperation.

But how would you defend yourself on an unarmed freighter  even if that did work, Major? asked the Colonel.

I could go with her - and rig weapons on the freighter, so we could defend ourselves, said the Captain.  We could create just enough firepower to make a getaway.

This could work, pleaded Major Thorr.

See this? he said, holding up a needle and syringe.  This is a deadly virus.

After that, youll have about forty-five minutes to give her the antidote, or she will die.

Youve got less than an hour to bring me the time machine.  Geldorf disappeared from the visual, as his warship started to pull away from Star Base.

Hes getting away! yelled the Major.  Im not about to let him take Cassidy!

Hes getting away! yelled the Major.  Im not about to let him take Cassidy!

Im going after her.

Youre not going anywhere, Major.

With all due respect, Sir, a United States citizen has been taken from Star Base - right out from under our noses.

We cant just do nothing, said Captain Thibodeaux.

Thank you, Sir.

Lets go! the Major said to Captain Thibodeaux and Dr. Gerard, as they ran for the exit of the Control Center.

Brianna, please bring my sister back, said Suzie, tears streaming down her cheeks.

I wont be back without her, said Brianna, hurriedly moving towards the freighter, focused on the mission at hand.

Ryan, I cant lose my sister! Suzie cried, hysterically, as she reached out to him.

Ryan, I cant lose my sister! Suzie cried, hysterically, as she reached out to him.

Well do everything possible, Suzie, said Ryan, holding his wife - trying to calm her down.  Keep the faith.

Well do everything possible, Suzie, said Ryan, holding his wife - trying to calm her down.  Keep the faith.

Ive got to go, he said, kissing her bye and hurrying towards the freighter  pushing a cart of medical supplies and equipment.

Ive got to go, he said, kissing her bye and hurrying towards the freighter  pushing a cart of medical supplies and equipment.

Baby, you kick that punks ass, Vanita said to Jason, holding back her tears - trying to put up a brave front.

I plan to, said Jason, giving her a hug and kiss.

Then he hurriedly proceeded to the freighter.  This way, he said to a soldier, who was driving a power mover loaded with explosives, munitions equipment, and a large box.

* * * Its time for her shot, Geldorf said to Jon and his crewmen, as they approached Cassie, where she stood shackled in chains - her arms raised in the air.  Push her sleeve down, he said, motioning with the syringe, to one of his men.

* * * Its time for her shot, Geldorf said to Jon and his crewmen, as they approached Cassie, where she stood shackled in chains - her arms raised in the air.  Push her sleeve down, he said, motioning with the syringe, to one of his men.

Youre starting to get on my nerves! yelled Geldorf, coming at her with the syringe.  Get control of her.

Hold her arm still! he yelled at the crewmen.

Hold her arm still! he yelled at the crewmen.

I said get control of her! ordered Geldorf.

He tapped the syringe and waived it in Cassies face - taunting her, with an evil smirk on his face.

He tapped the syringe and waived it in Cassies face - taunting her, with an evil smirk on his face.

In desperation, Cassie kicked Geldorf as hard as she could - in the crotch.

You fucking bitch! screamed Geldorf, as he dropped to his knees in agony, grabbing his balls.  I told you assholes to get control of her!

You fucking bitch! screamed Geldorf, as he dropped to his knees in agony, grabbing his balls.  I told you assholes to get control of her!

One of the crewmen punched Cassie in the stomach, taking the fight out of her.

Youll pay for that, said Geldorf, his face racked with pain and rage.  You were just going to get a shot.

Get the elecro-shocker and hook it up to her nipples, he said, turning to his crewmen, as he capped the syringe and put it back in his pocket.  Lets see how many volts she can take.

Get the elecro-shocker and hook it up to her nipples, he said, turning to his crewmen, as he capped the syringe and put it back in his pocket.  Lets see how many volts she can take.

OK, Boss, said one of the crewmen, as he retrieved the electronic device.

Please, no! begged Cassie, as one of the crewmen unbuttoned her shirt and the other gagged her and put metal clamps on her nipples.

Geldorf and his men stepped away from Cassie, as he pushed a button on a hand-held remote. Take that, he said, sending a jolt into Cassies body through the metal clamps attached to her nipples, as she screamed a muffled scream - her body jerking, rattling her shackles.  Now you know how my balls feel.

Geldorf and his men stepped away from Cassie, as he pushed a button on a hand-held remote. Take that, he said, sending a jolt into Cassies body through the metal clamps attached to her nipples, as she screamed a muffled scream - her body jerking, rattling her shackles.  Now you know how my balls feel.

Get me a fresh battery! he yelled at one of his crewmen.  Then, well turn up the voltage and go again.  Geldorf walked, gingerly, over to Cassies limp body and gave her the shot.

Get me a fresh battery! he yelled at one of his crewmen.  Then, well turn up the voltage and go again.  Geldorf walked, gingerly, over to Cassies limp body and gave her the shot.

Boss, said Jon.  Maybe we should wait until we get the time machine, before we give her any more jolts.

This could kill her.

But of course, I have no intention of giving the rock star back to her.

Well need her as a hostage, so we can make our getaway, said Geldorf, grimacing and rubbing his sore balls.  We can have more fun with the electro-shocker, later.

Well need her as a hostage, so we can make our getaway, said Geldorf, grimacing and rubbing his sore balls.  We can have more fun with the electro-shocker, later.

After all, getting the time machine, and reuniting with Zeke, is the most important thing, he said, referring to his dead lover.

For now, why dont you just have the girls take her out to the landing bay and work her over?

Take this bitch out to the landing bay and teach her some manners, ordered Geldorf.

* * * Brianna piloted the freighter, while Jason installed weapons and rigged the visual communicator so that he and Ryan wouldnt be seen - making it appear that the Major was alone.

They were on a race against time to rescue Cassie, before she died from the deadly virus she had been injected with.

The three women, each, took a turn - two of them holding Cassie up, while the other one beat her, until an argument broke out among them about whose turn it was hold her up, and whos turn it was to beat her.

A few minutes later, Geldorf was surprised, when he looked up and noticed that the three women had returned from the landing bay.  What are you girls doing back so soon? he asked, as he put on a curly, blonde wig.
